you know , one of the great things about traveling , and one of the joys of ethnographic research is to live together with the people who can still remember the old days . who still feel their past in the wind , touch them on stones smoothed by the rain , taste them in the bitter leaves of the plants .
simply knowing that jaguar shamans still travel beyond the milky way , or that the meaning of the myths of the oldest of the inuit are still full of significance , or that in himalayas the buddhists still pursue the breath of dharma , is the central revelation of anthropology it is the thought that the world in which we live does not exist in an absolute sense , but only as a model of reality , as a consequence of a group of certain possibilities of adaptation that our own , though successful , call to mind  , many generations ago .
and of course we all share the same adjustment needs .
we are all born . we bring children to the world .
we go through initiation rituals .
we have to deal with the inexorable separation of death , and thus we should not be surprised that we all sing , dance and produce art .
but interesting is the unique sound of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
it does not matter whether it &apos;s the penan in the borneo forests , or the voodoo acolytes in haiti , or the warriors in the desert of the north of kenya , the curanderos in the andes , or a caravanserai in the middle of the jungle sahara  . this happened to be the colleague with whom i traveled to the desert a month ago . or even a yak-shepherd on the slopes of the qomolangma , everest , the godmother of the world .
all of these people teach us that there are other existential possibilities , different ways of thinking , different ways of orientation on earth .
and that is an idea that , if you think about it , can only fulfill you with hope .
together , the myriad cultures of the world form a network of spiritual and cultural life that envelops the earth and for which earth is just as important as the biosphere network known as the biosphere .
one can imagine this cultural life network as an ethnosphere . the ethnosphere can be defined as the sum total of all thoughts and dreams , myths ideas , inspirations , and intuitions that have been produced by the human imagination since the beginnings of consciousness .
the ethnosphere is the great legacy of humanity .
it is the symbol of all that we are and what we are capable of as astonishingly inquisitive species .
and just as the biosphere was heavily eroded , so did the ethnosphere - only at an even faster rate .
for example , no biologist would dare claim that 50% or more of all species are about to die out because it just is not true . yet , this - the most apocalyptic scenario in the field of biodiversity - hardly corresponds to what we know to be the most optimistic scenario in the field of cultural diversity .
and the deciding indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when each of them was born in this room , 6000 languages ​​were spoken on the earth .
now a language is not just the totality of the vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules .
a language is an expression of the human mind .
it is a means by which the soul of a particular culture finds access to the material world .
every language is like an old forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
and of these 6,000 languages , today , while we &apos;re sitting here in monterey , exactly half of them are no longer whispering in the ears of children .
they are no longer taught toddlers . that is , if nothing is done , they are actually already dead .
what could be lonelier than being shrouded in silence , being one of the last of your people to speak your language , having no opportunity to pass on the wisdom of ancestors , or hoping for children?
and yet , this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on the earth , about every two weeks , because every two weeks , an older person dies and takes the last syllables of an ancient language with him into the grave .
and i know that some of them say , &quot; is not that better?&quot;  would not the world be a better place if we all spoke one language only?  &quot; and i say :  &quot; well , let that language be yoruba . let her be cantonese .
let her be kogi .  &quot;
and then you would suddenly realize what it would be like if you could not speak your own language .
that &apos;s why i &apos;d like to take them on a journey through the ethnosphere , a short journey through the ethnosphere , to try to make them understand what has actually been lost .
now there are some among us who somehow forget that when i say &quot; different possibilities of being &quot; really different ways of being mine .
take , for example , this child of barasana in the northwest of amazon , the people of the anaconda , who believe that mythologically they came up the flow of milk from the east in the belly of sacred serpents .
this is a people that does not cognitively distinguish between the colors blue and green , as the heavenly tent is equal to the forest on which the humans depend .
they have a strange language and marriage prescription called linguistic exogamy: you have to marry someone who speaks another language .
all this is rooted in the mythological past . the peculiarity of these large houses , which speak six or seven languages ​​due to the mixed language , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
they just listen and then start talking .
or , one of the most fascinating tribes i have ever lived with , the waorani in northeastern ecuador , an amazing people that was first peacefully contacted in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries tried to make contact and made a grave mistake .
they threw glossy photos of themselves out of the air , which we would rate as a friendly gesture . they forgot that these people from the rainforest had never seen anything two-dimensional in their lives .
they picked up these photographs of the forest floor , tried to see behind the face or the figure , found nothing and concluded that these were business cards of the devil and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but the waorani not only killed outsiders with the spear .
they pierced each other .
54% of deaths occurred through drilling .
we traced the genealogy back eight generations and found two cases of natural death and when we asked people about it vigorously , they admitted that one of the people had grown so old that he died because of his age and we killed him anyway the spear .
but at the same time they had a clear knowledge of the forest , which was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces distance and determine which species of animal it belonged to .
in the early 1980s , i got a really amazing job when my professor at harvard asked me if i was interested in going to haiti and infiltrating the secret societies that were the foundation of the strength of duvalier and tonton macoutes and that poison used to make zombies .
of course , to make sense of this sensation , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of vodoun , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it is a complex metaphysical worldview .
it is interesting  .
if i asked them to enumerate the great world religions , what would they say?
christianity , islam , buddhism , judaism or whatever .
a continent is always left out because the assumption was that there was no religious belief in black africa . of course there was one and voodoo is simply the remnant of these very profound religious thoughts that came over during the tragic diaspora of slavery .
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be conjured up from under the great water , responding to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily displace the soul of the living , so that the akolyth becomes god for a brief , shining moment .
deshab , the voodooists like to say , &quot; you white go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become gods .  &quot;
and because you are possessed , you are taken by the mind . how can you be harmed?
you see these amazing demonstrations: voodoo acolytes in a trance state , touching the glowing coal without burning , an amazing view of the mind &apos;s ability to influence the body to endure the body when put into a state of extreme excitement .
well , of all the people i met , the kogi from the sierra nevada de santa marta in northern colombia were the most extraordinary .
descendants of the ancient tyrannical civilization that populated the caribbean coastal plain of colombia , and as a result of conquest , this people retreated into an isolated volcanic massif rising above the caribbean coastal plain .
in a blood-stained continent , these people were the only ones never conquered by the spaniards .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood . however , training for the priesthood is very extraordinary .
at the age of three and four , the young acolytes are separated from their families and locked up in a shadowy world of darkness , in stone huts at the foot of the glacier for 18 years . two nine-year periods , purposely chosen to mimic the nine months of pregnancy they spent in the womb of their birth mother , they now spend metamorphosedly in the womb of their great mother .
and throughout this time , they are culturally introduced to the values ​​of their society . values ​​that maintain the claim that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic - or we could say the ecological - balance are maintained .
at the end of this amazing initiation , one day they are suddenly taken outside and for the first time in their life , at the age of 18 , they see a sunrise . and in this crystal clear moment of awareness of the first light , when the sun begins to shine on the slopes of the amazingly beautiful landscape , suddenly everything that you have learned in the abstract is confirmed in astonishing splendor . and the priest steps back and says , &quot; you see , it &apos;s really how i told you .
it is so wonderful . you have to protect it .  &quot;
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition becomes very important .
whenever we think of indigenous and landscape , we conjure up either rousseau and the old rumor of the noble savage , which in its simplification is a racist thought or , on the other hand , thoreau and say these people are more connected with nature than we .
thus , indigenous people are neither sentimental nor are they weakened by nostalgia .
there is not much room for it in the malaria-infested marshes of asmat or the cold winds of tibet , but they nevertheless , through time and ritual , have formed a mysterious nimbus of the earth , which is not based on the idea of ​​being consciously close to it , but on a far more subtle intuition , the idea that the earth in itself can exist only because it is inhaled into human consciousness .
well , what does that mean?
it means that a little child from the other who grows up in the belief that the mountain is an apu-spirit who will determine his or her fate will become a totally different person , and another relationship to that resource or place as a little kid from montana who grows up believing that a mountain is a heap of stones that can be worn away .
whether he is a abode of a mind or a heap is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of british columbia and believed that these forests are there to be cleared .
this made me a different person from my kwakiutl friends , who believe that these forests are the abode of hukuk and the bent sky-beak and the cannibal spirits that live on the north end of the world , ghosts that they have at their hamatsa initiation would participate .
now , when you start to consider the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries . for example this plant here .
it is a photo that i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is ayahuasca , many of whom have heard of it , the most potent psychoactive preparation from the repertoire of the shaman .
what makes ayahuasca so fascinating is not just the pharmacological potential of this preparation , but its processing . it is really made from two different sources . on the one hand , there is this wooden liana , which holds a series of betacarbolines , harmin , harmolin , slightly hallucinogenic . taking this climber alone is like having a blue cloudy smoke on her mind , but it is blended with the leaves of a shrub from the family of coffee plants called psychotria viridis .
this plant contains some very strong tryptamines which are very similar to serotonin , dimethyltryptamine-5 and methoxydimethyltryptamine .
if you have ever seen the yanomami snuffing this stuff , this substance that you make from different species also contains methoxydimethyltryptamine .
snuffing this powder is like being shot at from a gun barrel , surrounded by baroque paintings and landing on a sea of ​​electricity .
it does not produce a distortion of reality , but the dissolution of reality .
i even discussed it with my professor , richard evan shultes , the man who initiated the psychedelic era with the discovery of magic mushrooms in mexico in the 1930s . i claimed that one could not classify these tryptamines as hallucinogenic , because the moment you feel the effects , you are no longer there to experience a hallucination .
but the thing with tryptamines is that they can not be taken orally because they are denatured by a naturally occurring enzyme in the human intestine called monoamine oxidase .
they can only be taken orally in conjunction with some other chemicals that denature the mao .
now the intriguing thing is that the beta-carbolines contained in the liana are mao-inhibitors of exactly the kind necessary to potentiate the tryptamines . so ask yourself .
how can these people find from a flora of 80,000 species of astringent plants these two morphologically unrelated plants that , when combined in this way , create a kind of biochemical version so that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts?
we use this great euphemism , trial and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but if you ask the indians they say: &quot; the plant speaks to us &quot;
so , what does that mean?
this tribe , the cofan , has 17 varieties of ayahuasca , which they all recognize at great distances in the forest , which appear as a species to our eyes .
and then you ask them how to justify their taxonomy and they say , &quot; i thought you understood planting .
i mean , do not you know anything?  &quot; and i said :  &quot; no .  &quot;
so , it turns out that you take each of the 17 variants at full moon and they sing to one in a different pitch .
well , that does not bring you a doctoral degree in harvard , but it &apos;s much more interesting to count as stamina .
well , the problem - the problem is that even those of us who sympathize with the difficult situation of the indigenous people see them as original and colorful , but somehow confine them to the past while the real world , i . e . our world , progresses .
so , the fact is that you will not remember the twentieth century or 300 years of war or technological innovation , but rather an era in which we were present and the massive destruction of biological and cultural diversity on the planet either actively supported or passively accepted . so the problem is not the change .
all cultures have repeatedly participated in the dance with new opportunities for life .
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the sioux indians did not stop being sioux as they bowed and darted when the americans ceased to be americans when they quit horse and horse wagon .
no change and technology threaten the integrity of the ethnosphere . it is power . the ugly face of the reign .
and wherever you look in the world , you will discover that these cultures are not doomed . these are dynamically living peoples whose existence is superseded by recognizable forces that go beyond their capacity for adaptation . whether this is the monstrous deforestation in the homeland of the penan , a nomadic people from southeast asia , from sarawak , a people who lived free in the forest a generation ago , and has now been degraded to bondage and prostitution on the river bank , from where they see that even the river is polluted with the mud , which almost half borneo seems to sweep away into the south chinese sea . from where the japanese freighters can be seen on the horizon , ready to fill their ship &apos;s rooms with raw tree trunks that they have wrested from the forest . or as in the case of the yanomami , where it is disease carriers that were introduced during the gold rush .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i am doing a lot of research again , you will see the ugly face of political domination .
you know , the genocide , the physical extinction of people is generally condemned , but the ethnocide , the destruction of people &apos;s lives , is not only not condemned , but celebrated in general and in many places as part of a development strategy .
and you can not understand the suffering of tibet if you have not experienced it at the lowest level .
i once traveled with a young colleague 6000 miles from chengdu in western china through southeast tibet to lhasa and only when i came to lhasa i saw the face behind the statistics of which one hears . 6000 sacred monuments , which were turned into rubble and ashes . 1.2 million people killed by the cadres during the cultural revolution .
the father of this young man was identified as a follower of the panchen lama .
that meant he was killed immediately during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with her holiness into the diaspora , which brought people to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as a punishment for being wealthy for crime .
he was smuggled into prison at the age of two to hide under her skirt because she could not live without him .
the sister who did this valiant act was taken to an education center .
one day she stepped on a bracelet maos and for this transgression she had to go to a heavy labor camp for seven years .
the suffering of tibet can be unbearable , but the saving spirit of the people is something unforgettable .
and in the end we are really faced with a choice . do we want to live in a monochromatic world of monotony or in a polychromatic world of diversity?
margaret mead , the great anthropologist said before she died that it is her greatest fear that as we move towards a threadbare , formless , generic worldview , we would not only see the full range of human imagination reduced to a narrowed mindset , but that one day we wake up from a dream , forgetting that there ever was any other possibility .
and it is humiliating to think that our genus may have existed for 600,000 years .
the neolithic revolution that brought agriculture to us and at that moment subjected us to the cult of the seed , replaced the shaman &apos;s poetry with the prosaic prosaic and created hierarchy , specialization and surplus - took place only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , this superficial story does not tell me that we all have answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
when we ask these countless world cultures for the meaning of humanity , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
and in this song , we will rediscover the possibility of being who we are: people with full awareness , who are aware of the importance of ensuring that all people and gardens can prosper . and there are great moments of optimism .
here &apos;s a picture i took at the northern end of the baffin islands , when i went to narwhal hunting with inuits . and this man , olaya , told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always handled the inuit very well , and during the 1950s , in the wake of the establishment of our rule , they were forced to move to settlements .
the grandfather of this old man refused .
the family , who was afraid for his life , took away all his weapons and tools .
now you must know that the inuit are not afraid of the cold . they used them to their advantage .
the slide rails of their sleds were originally made from fish wrapped in caribou skin .
the man &apos;s grandfather was not afraid of the arctic night or the blowing storm .
he slipped out , lowering his skins from sealskin and defecating into his hand . and when the faeces began to freeze , he shaped them into the shape of a knife .
he sprayed saliva on the sides of the faeces knife and when it was completely frozen he stabbed a dog with it .
he skinned the dog and improvised a harness , took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a sledge , hooked another dog and disappeared over the ice floes with the feces knife on his belt .
so you can not do anything from nothing .
and this is in many ways a symbol of the resistance of the inuit and of the indigenous people of the world .
in april 1999 , the canadian government gave the inuit full control of an area larger than california and texas combined .
it is our new homeland and is called nunavut .
it is an independent area . they control all mineral deposits .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state , can seek and achieve reparation with its inhabitants .
and , in the end , i believe , it is quite obvious , at least to those of us who have traveled to these distant destinations of the earth , to realize that they are not at all remote .
they are someone &apos;s homeland .
they represent parts of the human imagination that go back in time . and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children , become part of the geography of hope .
what we at national geographic end up trying to do is believe that politicians never achieve anything .
we believe that polemic - we believe polemic is not convincing , but we believe that storytelling can change the world , and thus we are probably the best institution for storytelling in the world . our website gets 35 million hits every month .
156 nations send our tv channel .
our magazines are read by millions .
and we undertake a series of trips to the ethnosphere , where we take our audience to places of such cultural wonder that they are blinded by the sight . and hopefully , one by one , they will assume the central revelation of anthropology: that this world deserves to exist in different ways , that we can find a way of life in a truly multicultural , pluralistic world , where wisdom is shared by all people can contribute to our mutual well-being .
many thanks  .
what i will show you first , as soon as possible , is the basic work , a new technology that we have handed over to microsoft as part of an acquisition exactly one year ago . that &apos;s seadragon . and it &apos;s an environment where you can handle huge amounts of visual data , either locally or remotely .
we see many , many gigabytes of digital photos here that can be seamlessly and continually fetched , panned , rearranged in any way .
and it does not matter how much information we look at , how big these collections are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital camera photos , but this one is for example a scan of the congress library and it is in a range of 300 megapixels .
it makes no difference , because the only thing that can limit the performance of a system like this is the number of pixels on your screen every moment . it also has a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of non-image data .
this is bleak house by dickens . every column is a chapter .
to prove that it is really a text , not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that it is a true representation of the text , not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read an e-book .
i would not recommend it .
this is a more realistic case . this is an edition of the guardian .
every big picture is the beginning of a section .
and that really gives them the pleasure and the good experience of reading a real paper edition of a magazine or a newspaper , which in itself is a multi-size art medium .
we also did something at the corner of this special issue of the guardian .
we have designed a very high resolution wrong display which is much higher than a normal display and we have added extra content .
if you want to see the features of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this really picks up on these ideas to eliminate these restrictions on the available space on the screen .
we hope that this does not mean any more pop-ups and other nonsense - that should not be necessary .
of course , mapping is one of the really obvious applications for a technology like this .
and i really do not want to spend a lot of time here except to say that we will also contribute to this area .
but these are all roads in the u .s .a .
superimposed on top of the earthy image of nasa .
let &apos;s get something else out now .
that is even live on the internet . they can verify it .
this is a project called photosynth that really combines two different technologies .
one is seadragon and the other is a very good research on computer vision conducted by noah snavely , a university student from the university of washington , under the advice of steve seitz at the uw
and rick szeliski was done by microsoft research . a very good cooperation .
so this is live on the internet . it is powered by seadragon .
you can see that when we create this kind of view where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of multiple resolution .
but the spatial arrangement of the pictures is indeed of importance here .
the computer vision algorithms have captured these images together to correspond to the real space in which they were taken , all of which were made near the grassi lakes in the canadian rockies . here you can see elements of stabilized slides or panoramic image processing and all these things have been spatially related .
i &apos;m not sure if i still have time to show them other surroundings .
there are some that are much more spatial .
i would like to show straight one of norah &apos;s original records and that &apos;s from an early prototype of photosynth we first worked on this summer to show them what i believe is really the pointe behind this technology , the photosynth technology is . and this is not necessarily so obvious when you look at the environments we have on the website .
we had to worry about the lawyers and so on .
this is a reconstruction of cathedral notre dame , which was done exclusively in the computer with images of flickr . just enter notre dame in flickr and you will get pictures of men in t-shirts and on the university campus and so on . each of these orange cones represents a picture that was discovered to belong to this model .
so these are all flickr images , and they are all spatially related in this way .
and we can navigate in this very simple way .
 , you know , i never thought that i would eventually work at microsoft .
i am very grateful for the reception here .
 , i guess you can see that these are many different types of cameras: everything is there , from the handy camera to professional slrs , a pretty large number of them , all of which have been patched together in this environment .
and if possible , i &apos;ll find some of the weird ones .
many of them are covered by faces , etc .
somewhere here are a number of photographs - here they are .
this is actually a poster of notre dame , which was recorded correctly .
we can switch from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point here is that we can do things with the social environment . data is now being collected from everyone - from the entire collective memory of what , visually , the earth looks like - and everything is connected .
all these photos are linked together and something is created that is bigger than the sum of the parts .
you get a model that comes from all over the world .
consider this as the continuation of stephen lawler &apos;s work on virtual earth .
and that &apos;s something that grows with the complexity of how people use it , and its value to the user grows with the application .
her own photos are tagged with metadata typed by another person .
if someone made the effort and labeled all these saints and tells them who they all are , then my photo of dame cathedral is suddenly enriched with all these data and i can use it as a starting point to enter this room dive into these meta-verses , which use photos of other people and thus make a kind of cross-modal social experience with the use of other providers .
and , of course , the by-product of all this are the immensely rich virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , obtained not only from overflights or satellite imagery and so on , but from collective memories .
many thanks  .
 , do i understand you right ? your software allows , at a certain point in time , within the next few years , all the images shared by someone in the world to be linked in principle?
yes  . she does nothing but discover .
if you want to create hyperlinks between the images .
and she does so because of the content in the pictures .
and that &apos;s really exciting when you think of the abundance of semantic information that many of these images have .
like when you do a web search for pictures , where you enter sentences and the text of the website contains a lot of information about which picture that is .
but what if the picture links you with all your pictures?
then the scope of the semantic link and the wealth that results from it is really enormous . it is a classic network effect .
blaise , that &apos;s really incredible . congratulations  .
thank you very much  .
i will tell you some things from my book which , i hope , will be in harmony with other things that you have already heard . and i will try to create a few connections myself , if they did not notice them .
i want to start with what i call &quot; official dogma &quot; call .
the official dogma of what?
the official beliefs of all western industrialized societies .
the official dogma works this way: if our goal is to maximize the well-being of our citizens , this is above all achieved by maximizing the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom in itself is good , valuable , meaningful , an indispensable prerequisite for the human .
when people have freedom , then each of us acts for ourselves to do the things that maximize our common good and no one has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have . and the more freedom they have , the more common they will have .
this is , i think , so deeply anchored in our water supply that nobody would come to question it in the same way .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what allows us modern progress .
this is my supermarket . not a big one .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
there are 175 dressings in my supermarket if you do not count the 10 different extra olive oils and 12 balsamic vinegar that you could buy to make a large number of your own salad dessings , in the unlikely event that none of the 175 in the store will be for you correct is  .
so that &apos;s how the supermarket is .
and then head to the consumer electronics shop to put together a stereo system - speakers , cd players , a cassette player , radio , amplifiers . and in this one electronics business there are so many stereo systems .
we can put together 6.5 million different stereo systems from the components offered in this one store .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .
in other areas - the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , because you could have every phone provider you wanted , as long as he came from ma bell .
they rented their phone . they did not buy it . ™
a consequence of this was that the phone was never broken .
these days are over .
we now have almost an infinite choice of phones , especially in the world of mobile phones .
these are the mobile phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle - mp3 player , nose hair trimmer and creme brulee torch .
and if you have not seen this in your shop yet , you can be sure that you will soon .
and what it does is make people run into the business and ask that question .
do you know now what the answer to this question is?
the answer is &quot; no &quot;
it is not possible to buy a mobile phone that does not do too much .
in other aspects of life that are much more significant than buying objects , the same explosion of choices applies .
healthcare - it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you: we could do a or we could do b .
a has these advantages and risks .
b has these benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
and they say , &quot; doctor , what should i do? &quot;
the doctor says a has these benefits and risks and b has those benefits and risks .
what do you want to do ?
and if you say , &quot; if you were me , doctor , what would you do? &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i am not her . &quot;
the result is - we call it &quot; patient autonomy &quot;  , that sounds like a good thing , but in reality , a shift is the burden of responsibility for making decisions from someone who knows something - especially the doctor - to someone who knows nothing and is most likely ill and therefore not in the best constitution is a decision to make - especially the patient .
there is tremendous marketing for prescription drugs for people like you and me who , when they think about it , do not make any sense because we do not buy them .
why do you promote us if we can not buy?
the answer is: you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change of the prescription .
something as profound as our identity is now a question of choice , as this film is intended to show .
we do not inherit an identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as often as we like .
that is , every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the standard assumption was that almost everyone had one and they got married as fast as they could and then had children as fast as they could .
the only true choice was &quot; who &quot;  , not when , and not what they did afterwards .
everything is easy to have nowadays .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give them 20 percent less work than i did earlier .
and not because they are less intelligent and not because they are less careful .
it is because they are busy with other things , they ask themselves , &quot; shall i marry or not , shall i marry now?
should i marry later? should i first have children , or only make a career?  &quot;
they are all engaging questions .
and they will answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the tasks i assign them and not getting a good grade on my course .
and indeed they should do that . these are important questions to answer .
work - we are blessed , as clarified by carl , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet - except for the randolph hotel .
by the way , there is a corner of which i will not tell anyone where the wirelesslan works .
i will not tell them because i want to use it .
so , what it means , this unbelievable freedom of choice we have to make decisions regarding work , again and again and again , whether we should work or not work .
we can watch our kids play soccer and we have our cellphone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even if they are all turned off , every minute we watch our child mutilating a football match we ask ourselves ,  &quot; should i accept this call?
should i reply to this e-mail? should i write this letter?  &quot;
and even if the answer to the question &quot; no , &quot; it will certainly shape your experience of your child &apos;s soccer game very differently than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a matter of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
by that i mean , there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world we live in looks like this .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news?
the answer is &quot; yes &quot; ,
we all know what &apos;s good about it , so i &apos;ll be sick of it .
all of these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
an effect , paradoxically , is that it paralyzes rather than liberates .
with so many options to choose from , people find it very hard to decide at all .
i will give you another drastic example of this , a study on investing in voluntary old-age provision .
a colleague of mine had access to investment files of vanguard , the gigantic fund of about one million employees and about 2000 different jobs .
and what she found was 10 per cent of the funds the employer offered , the participation decreased by 2 per cent .
they offer 50 investment funds - 10 percent fewer employees than if they offered only 5 . why ?
because there are 50 investment funds to choose from , it &apos;s so hard to decide which one to choose , that they postpone it to tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
do you understand that this does not just mean that people have to eat dog food when they retire because they do not have enough money to travel , it also means that making decisions is so difficult that they miss out on large investment offerings from their employers .
by failing to attend , they spend up to $ 5000 per year on the employer , who would have been happy to increase their contribution .
paralysis is a consequence of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look that way .
you really want to make the right decision , if it is for all eternity , right?
they do not want to choose the wrong investment fund , or even the wrong salad dressing .
so that &apos;s the one effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less satisfied with the result of the selection than if we had had the opportunity to choose between fewer options .
and there are several reasons for this .
one of them is due to the wide variety of different salad dressings when you buy one and it is not perfect - and which salad dressing is already perfect? it &apos;s easy to imagine that you could have made another decision that would have been better . and what happened this pictorial alternative causes them to regret the decision , and this repent negatively affects the satisfaction they had of their decision made , even if it was a good decision .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything that is disappointing for the choice you make .
secondly , what economists call oppertunity costs .
dan gilbert has made a big point this morning by telling how much the way in which we rate things depends on what we compare .
well , if there are many alternatives to consider , it is easy to think of attractive features of alternatives that exclude them , making them less satisfied with the alternatives they have chosen .
here is an example  . for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here is what they should have thought .
here are a few on the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach . great day  . they have it all for themselves .
what could be better ?  &quot; damned  &quot; the man thinks , &quot; it is august .
everyone in my manhattan neighborhood is gone .
i could park right in front of my house .  &quot;
and he spends 2 weeks of the thought that he has missed the opportunity to have a great parking day after day .
oppertunity costs lower the satisfaction we receive through our selection , even if what we have chosen is fantastic .
and the more possibilities there are to choose from , the more attractive features of this selection are taken into account in the oppertunity costs .
here is another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he makes a statement about it in the now to live and maybe also about things to do slowly .
but one important point he makes is that whenever you decide to do something , you decide not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive features , and what they will do will be less appealing .
third , escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i wanted to exchange my jeans .
i wear jeans , almost all the time .
and there was a time when there were only jeans of one type , and they bought them , and they did not fit well , they were incredibly uncomfortable and if they had worn them long enough and washed them enough , they started &quot; ok  &quot; to feel .
so , to buy new jeans after many years of wearing the old ones , and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like some jeans , here &apos;s my size . &quot;
and the seller said , &quot; do you want slim , light-fitting or wide?
do you want buttons or zippers? stone or acid washed?
do you want to puncture jeans?
you want to cut them down wide , conical , blah blah blah  . . . &quot;  , and so on he said .
my jaw was down and after i recovered i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have the kind that used to be the only type . &quot;
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying on all those damn jeans and left the shop - and i say the truth - with the best matching jeans i &apos;ve ever had .
i had it better . all of these choices allowed me to do better .
but i felt worse .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try and explain it to myself .
the reason that i felt worse , with all these options available , my expectations of what a good pair of jeans was , went up .
i had very low expectations . i had no concrete expectations , as they existed only in one way .
when they came in 100 species , damn , one of them should have been perfect,
and what i got was good , but it was not perfect .
so i compared what i got to what i expected , and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities to people &apos;s lives will inevitably increase expectations people will have about how good those options will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
nobody in the world of marketing knows this . because if they did , they would all not know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that in the past everything was better when everything was worse , when everything was worse , it was possible for the people to make experiences that were a pleasant surprise .
nowadays , in the world we live in - we are wealthy , industrialized citizens , with perfection as expectation - the best you can ever hope for is that things are as good as you expect them to be .
they are never pleasantly surprised . because your expectations , my expectations , are high .
the secret to happiness - that &apos;s what they all came for - the secret to happiness is low expectations .
i would like to say - a short autobiographical moment - that i am married to a woman and she is really very wonderful .
i could not have done better . i did not settle down .
but settling down is not always such a bad thing .
ultimately , a consequence of buying a bad-fitting jeans when there is only one style to buy is that when they are dissatisfied , they ask themselves why , who is responsible , the answer is clear . the world is responsible . what could they have done?
when hundreds of different types of jeans are available , and they buy one that is disappointing , and they ask why , who is responsible?
it is equally clear that the answer to the question is: you .
they could have done better .
with 100 different types of jeans in the shop window , there is no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even if the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
i believe a significant - not the only one , but a significant contributor to this explosion of depression , and even suicide , is that people have experienced disappointment because their standards are so high . and then , if you have to explain yourself these experiences , you think it &apos;s your fault .
and so the balance sheet result is that we are generally better , objectively , and feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official dogma , that one that we all consider right is completely wrong . it is not true  .
there is no question that some choice is better than none , but it does not follow that more choice is better than some choice .
there is a magical amount . i do not know what it is  .
i &apos;m pretty sure that we missed this point for a long time in the selection of our well-being improved .
now , as a matter of principle - i &apos;m almost done - as a matter of principle , the thing to think about is . what makes all this choice possible in the industrialized societies is the material wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many of them whose problem is not the big choice .
your problem is that you have too little .
so the things i &apos;m talking about are a weird problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what is so frustrating and annoying is: steve levitt told them yesterday how these expensive and hard to install child seats do not help . it is a waste of money .
what i tell them is that these expensive , complicated decisions - it &apos;s not easy they do not help .
they even hurt .
they make sure that we stand there worse .
if something of what would allow people of our society to make decisions on societies where people have not chosen enough , would not only improve people &apos;s lives , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this a pareto improvement application .
revenue redistribution will make everyone &apos;s better - not just the poor - because all of this big choice is plaguing us .
in conclusion , please read this cartoon , and , a highly developed person , says , &quot; ah , what does this fish know?
you know nothing in this fishbowl .  &quot;
impoverished imagination , a shortsighted view of the world - and that &apos;s the way i read it first .
but the more i thought about it , the more i came to believe that the fish knows something .
for the truth is that if you break the fishbowl so that everything is possible , you have no freedom . you have paralysis .
if you break the fishbowl so that everything is possible , lower the satisfaction .
they increase paralysis and reduce satisfaction .
everyone needs a fishbowl .
this is almost certainly too limited - possibly also for the fish , definitely for us .
but the loss of a metaphorical fishbowl is a recipe for miserable , and , i suppose , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that might mean , and about discovering new groups of genes .
in fact , we are starting from a new point: we have digitized biology and now we are trying to move from digital code to a new phase of biology by designing and building new life .
we have always tried to ask significant questions .
what is life? it is something that i believe many biologists have tried to understand at different levels .
we have tried different approaches to simplify it to the minimum components .
we digitized nearly 20 years . when we sequenced the human genome , the shift from the analogue world of biology to the digital world of computers took place .
now we are trying to ask if we can regenerate life or if we can create new life from this digital universe?
this is the map of a small organism , mycoplasma geitalium , that has the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab . and we tried to do it with an even smaller genome .
we managed to do without about one hundred genes out of the 500 or so that are here .
but if we look at this metabolic map , which is very simple compared to ours . trust me , that &apos;s simple . but if we look at all those genes that we can eliminate one by one , it is very unlikely that this would lead to a living cell .
therefore , we decided that the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome , which allows us to vary the individual components and thus ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome?
does chemistry allow you to create these really big molecules that have never been done before?
and , if we can , can we start the chromosome?
by the way , a chromosome is just one piece of inert chemical material .
our steps in digitizing life have been exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has developed very slowly , but it has increased nonetheless . and our last point would now be an exponential curve .
we started 15 years ago .
it actually took several years starting with a bioethical review before we made the first experiments .
as it turned out , dna synthesis is very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 characters long , but it &apos;s a degenerative process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new method with which we could assemble these small pieces and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the phi x 174 genome .
it is a small virus that kills bacteria .
we made small pieces , made a mistake correction and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of inert chemical and put it in a bacterium , and the bacterium began reading the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles were then released from the cells and came back , killing e . coli .
recently i spoke to the oil industry and they said that they understood this model exactly .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation where software can actually build your own hardware in a biological system .
but we wanted to go much further . we wanted to build an entire bacterial chromosome . it has more than 580,000 letters of genetic code . so we thought , we build it in cassettes of the size of the virus with which we could vary the size of the cassettes to understand what the individual components of a living cell are .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , this digital information must be really error-free .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the error rate was one error per 10,000 base pairs .
we found 30 errors when resequencing . if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible to boot .
part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 characters long and overlap with other 50-letter pieces to make smaller sub-units fit together .
we have incorporated unique elements here .
you may have heard that we have water marks installed .
think about it: we have a 4-letter code: a , c , g and t .
triplets of these letters - these letters encode about 20 amino acids; and here is a single determination for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first we only signed .
some people were disappointed that it was not poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply disassemble them with enzymes . there are enzymes that repair and reassemble them .
and we started making pieces starting with pieces containing five to seven thousand letters , adding them to each other to make 24,000-letter pieces to re-assemble , up to 72,000 .
in each step , we produced these pieces in excess so we could sequence them because we were trying to create a very robust process that you will see in a minute .
we tried to get to the point of automation .
so , that looks like a basketball playoff .
if we get to these really big pieces - with over 100,000 base pairs - then these will not be easy in e . coli grow . it exceeds all possibilities of modern molecular biology . and so we turned to other mechanisms .
we knew about a mechanism called homologous recombination that biology uses to repair dna that can put together such pieces .
here is an example of it . there is an organism called the deinococcus radiodurans that can survive three million rads of radiation .
in the upper field you can see that its chromosome is simply falling apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything has reassembled as it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be totally dried out , they can even live in vacuum .
i am absolutely sure that living in space can exist and move in search of aquatic conditions .
indeed , nasa has shown that there is much of it out there .
here is a picture of the molecule we made by using these processes - in fact we only used yeast mechanisms with the right design of the pieces we fit them . hefe then automatically merges these .
this is not an electron micrograph , it is a regular microscope image .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see it with the light microscope .
these are recordings over a duration of 6 seconds .
this is the publication that we recently completed .
that &apos;s over 580,000 letters of genetic code . it is the largest molecule of defined structure ever created by humans .
it has a molecular weight of over 300 million .
if we were to print it out with a font size of 10 and without spacing , it would cover 142 pages just to print that genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome? how do we activate it?
it is obvious that it is very simple with a virus . it is much more complicated to deal with bacteria .
it &apos;s just as easy to do it in eukaryotes as we are: you just take out the nucleus and put in another , and that &apos;s exactly what they all heard about cloning .
in archaebacteria , the chromosome is integrated into the cell but only recently have we shown that one can perform a complete transplantation of a chromosome from one cell to another and activate it .
we purified the chromosome of a microbial species . roughly speaking , these two are as far apart as humans and mice . we added some extra genes so we could select this chromosome . we decompose it with enzymes to destroy all proteins . and it was amazing when we put it in a cell - and you will appreciate our very mature graphics here -
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to take the process a little further .
that &apos;s the main mechanism of evolution here .
we find all sorts of species here that have taken up a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , adding thousands of characteristics in just one second each to a species .
humans who imagine evolution as one gene being changed at a time have missed much of biology .
there are enzymes called restriction enzymes that actually digest dna .
the chromosome that was in the cell has none; the chromosomes we have already inserted .
it was expressed in the cell and recognized the other chromosome as a foreign material digested it and so we ended up with only one cell with a new chromosome .
it turned blue because of the gene we had inserted .
and after a very short time , it had lost all of the characteristics of the species and completely converted to a new species based on the new software we put into the cell .
all proteins changed membranes - when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like genomic alchemy , but we can change things quite dramatically by moving the software dna .
now i have argued that this is not the genesis - this is based on 3.5 billion years of evolution
and i have argued that we may be creating a new form of the cambrian explosion in which there could be massive new species formation based on this digital design .
why should we do that?
i think it &apos;s pretty obvious in terms of what we need .
we are about to grow from six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
to put it in my context: i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for anyone who existed in 1946; it will be four within 40 years .
we have problems with food , with fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer this for 9 .
we need over five billion tons of coal , plus 30 billion barrels of oil . that &apos;s a hundred million barrels a day .
when we think about biological processes or any process to replace them , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there is all the co2 of this material that ends up in the atmosphere .
now , from our discoveries from around the world , we have a database of about 20 million , and i want to believe that these are the design components of the future .
the electronics industry had dozens of components and look at the variety that resulted .
here we come first and foremost to the limits of biological reality and to those of our imagination .
today we have technologies based on these fast synthesis methods to do what we call combinatorial genetics .
we now have the opportunity to build a large robot that can produce millions of chromosomes a day .
if you imagine creating these 20 million different genes or optimizing these processes to produce octane or drug new vaccines , we can do more with a small team of molecular biologists than the last 20 years of science .
and it &apos;s just a niche selection . we can select for viability , production of chemicals or fuel production vaccine production and so on .
this is a recording of real design software we are working on , with which you can actually sit down and identify new species at the computer design
you know , we do not necessarily know what it will look like . we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now focusing on fourth-generation fuels .
you &apos;ve recently seen corn on ethanol which is just a bad experiment .
we have second and third generation fuels coming out relatively soon which will have much higher sugar levels , like octane or different types of butanol .
but , as we think , the only way that biology will have a big impact without further increasing the cost of food or restricting its availability is when we see co2 as the source material , and so we are working on cells that are going away,
and we think that we will be the first to use fourth-generation fuels in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method -
- but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the deep sea , about one and a half miles deep , with almost boiling water temperatures .
it converts co2 into methane using hydrogen as a source of energy .
we investigate whether we can use stored co2 , which could easily be brought to production sites , convert the co2 into fuel to fuel this process .
within a short span of time , we believe we may be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .
you know , we really have - moderate goals like the replacement of the entire petrochemical industry . i agree  . if you could not do that at ted , where else? to become a main source of energy .
however , at the moment we are working on using the same approaches for the development of vaccines .
they &apos;ve seen it this year with the flu , we &apos;re always a year behind and have a dollar too little when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by creating recombinant vaccines in advance .
that &apos;s how the future could possibly look like with changes , today the evolutionary tree can be sped up with synthetic bacteria , archaea , and possibly eukaryotes .
we are light years away from improving people . our goal is simply that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do that . thank you so much !
at the last ted conference i gave an introduction to the lhc .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
so now it is time  . and for all those who were not there at the time , the lhc is the largest scientific experiment ever undertaken - 27 kilometers in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a billionth of a second after the beginning of the universe - up to 600 million times in a second .
it &apos;s just breathtakingly ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we take pictures of these mini-big bangs in detectors .
i work on this . he calls himself atlas detector - 44 meters in width , 22 meters in diameter .
here a spectacular image of the atlas in the construction so you see the proportions .
on the 10th of september last year the machine started for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused immense cheers in the control room .
it is a picture of the first particle of radiation that covered the entire distance around the lhc , then deliberately collided with a part of the lhc to make a rain of particles patter on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture on the 10th of september , we knew the machine was working , which is a big triumph .
i do not know if this caused the biggest cheers , or this when someone visited the google page and found the homepage like this .
it means we achieved a cultural influence alongside the scientific .
about a week later there was a problem with the machine which had to do with these wires here - these golden wires here
these wires conduct 13-thousand ampere when the machine is running at high power .
well , the engineers among you will look at them and say , &quot; no , they will not do that , these are little wires . &quot;
they can do that because if you cool them very far , they become superconductors .
at minus 271 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections , between over nine thousand magnets in the lhc , there was a manufactory defect .
as a result wires are slightly heated and 13-thousand amps suddenly encountered electrical resistance .
this was the result .
well , all of this is even more impressive if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and move by about 30 cm .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and had to remove them , which we did .
we conditioned them , repaired them .
they are all on their way back now .
by the end of march the lhc will be operational again .
we will turn it on , and expect to gather first data in june or july , and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way such accidents rekindled the debate about the value of science and engineering at such borders . it is easy to reject such a thing .
i think the fact that it is so hard , the fact that we reach beyond our borders , is the value of things like the lhc .
i will leave my final words to an english scientist . humphrey davy , who i suspect defended the useless experiments of his apprentice , his apprentice was michael faraday , said: &quot; nothing is so dangerous to the development of the human mind as to assume that our scientific ideas are final , that there are no mysteries in nature , that our triumphs are complete , and that there are no new worlds to conquer .  &quot;
many thanks  .
i am a writer .
writing books is my job , but of course it &apos;s more than that .
it is also my big , lifelong love and fascination .
and i do not expect that will ever change .
however , there has recently been something weird in my life and career that has led me to completely rethink my relationship to this work .
this strange event was that i recently wrote a book - a biography called &quot; eat , pray , love&quot;  - ​​which , unlike any of my previous books , went out to the world for some reason and a great mega-event , international bestseller -ding was .
the result is that no matter where i go , i &apos;m treated as if i was doomed .
seriously - doomed!
for example , they approach me with great concern and say , &quot; are not you afraid that you will never exceed this success?
are you not afraid that you will continue writing your whole life and never again create a book that interests anyone in the world? never again ? &quot; 
okay , that really makes you brave .
however , it would be worse if i did not remember that over 20 years ago , when i first told teenagers that i wanted to be a writer , i was confronted with the same kind of fearful reaction .
people said , &quot; are not you scared never to succeed?
are not you afraid that the humiliation of a cancellation kills you?
are not you scared that you &apos;re going to do this job all your life and that nothing will ever happen to it and that you &apos;ll die on a pile of broken dreams - your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure? &quot; 
that &apos;s about it , you know .
the answer - the short answer to all these questions is: &quot; yes . &quot; 
yes , i am afraid of all these things .
and i always had .
and i &apos;m afraid of many more things that nobody would guess .
like algae - and other scary things .
but when it comes to writing i think about it recently and ask myself: why?
is that sensible?
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid to do the job he feels called to do?
and what exactly is wrong with the creative activities that make us uncertain about the mutual state of mind - in a way that other professions do not?
my father , for example , was a chemist and i can not remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist , when he was asked if he was afraid to be a chemist .
with your chemist blockade , john - how are you? s you with it?
it just did not happen , you know?
but to be fair - the group of chemists has not received the reputation of alcoholic manic-depressive people over the centuries .
but we writers seem to have that kind of reputation . but not only the writers , but the creators of all genres , seem to have this reputation of being mentally unstable mentally .
all you have to do is look at the bitter death toll of truly great people from the twentieth century alone who died young and often by their own hands .
and even those who did not actually commit suicide seemed genuinely neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said shortly before his death in his last interview , &quot; each of my books has killed me a bit further . &quot; 
an extraordinary statement that you can make about your life &apos;s work .
but we do not even flinch when we hear someone say something like that , because we know this kind of statement for so long . somehow we have internalized and accepted the concept in such a way that creativity and sorrow somehow naturally belong together and that art - in the end - always leads to the soul &apos;s distress .
the question that i would like to ask everyone here today is: is this idea completely alright for you?
do you feel comfortable with it? because with only one centimeter apart  . . . i feel with this notion at all well .
i think it &apos;s disgusting .
and i find them dangerous . and i do not want to see it taken over in the next century .
i find it better when we encourage our great creative to live .
and i definitely know that for me - in my situation - it would be very dangerous to begin to soak down this dark path of guessing - especially in the circumstance that i am in my career right now .
that is - look: i &apos;m pretty young . i am only about 40 years old .
i may have another 40 years of work in my life .
and it is very likely that everything i write from now on will be judged by the world as the work that came after the crazy success of my last book , right?
i &apos;ll say it straight out , because we &apos;re all kind of friends here - it &apos;s very likely that my biggest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought!
these are the kind of thoughts that can make someone start gin drinking at 9 o &apos;clock in the morning . and i do not want that  .
i would rather continue to do this work that i love .
so the question is: how?
after some time of reflection , it seems to me that in order to continue writing , i have to design some kind of protective psychological construct .
somehow , from now on , i have to find a way to keep writing safe distance between myself and my very natural oppression about how the reaction will be to the written .
while i was looking for models to do that over the past year , i also searched the past and tried to find other companies to see if they had any better or more reasonable ideas than we did to help creative people deal with the emotional risks associated with creativity .
this search took me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people did not believe that creativity comes from people , okay?
they believed that creativity was a divine servant spirit coming to people from a distant , unknown source - for reasons unknown , unknown .
the greeks called these divine servants spirits &quot; demon&quot;  of creativity .
socrates is known to believe that he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea , calling this kind of disembodied creative mind a &quot; genius&quot;  .
that &apos;s great  . the romans did not really think that a genius was a particularly smart individual .
they believed that genius was that kind of magical divine being that was believed to live literally in the walls of an art studio - much like dobby , the house elf - who came out and assisted the artist in an invisible way and the result work .
that &apos;s brilliant - there it is , the distance i spoke of - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked that way , right?
the artist of antiquity was protected from certain things , such as , for example , too much narcissism , right?
if your work was brilliant , you could not view everything for yourself . everyone knew that you had that bodiless genius that helped you .
if your work flopped - not entirely your mistake , right?
everyone knew your genius was a bit lame .
so the people in the west have really thought about creativity for a long time .
and then came the renaissance and everything changed . we had this great idea . and this great idea was: let us place the human individual in the center of the universe - over all gods and mysteries . and there is no room left for mystical creatures to accept orders from the divine .
it is the beginning of rational humanism and people began to believe that creativity came completely from their own individual .
for the first time in history , people hear people call this genius a genius - instead of having a genius .
i have to tell them: i think that was a big mistake .
you know ? i think allowing a mere person to think that he or she is like the vessel , like the pool and the essence and the source of all divine , creative , unknown , infinite mysteries is a little bit too much responsibility to make them one to impose fragile , human psyche .
it &apos;s like asking someone to swallow the sun .
that disfigures and distorts whole egos and it generates all these unattainable expectations of success .
i think that this pressure of success has destroyed our artists of the past 500 years .
and , if that &apos;s true - and i think it &apos;s true - the question is:
can we change it?
perhaps to return to an ancient understanding of the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative .
maybe not  .
maybe we can not just erase the mindset of 500 years of rational humanism in an 18-minute lecture .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would really have legitimate scientific doubts about the notion of - basically - fairies that follow people and apply fairy magic to their projects , etc .
i probably will not be able to take all of them on this trip .
but the question i want to raise is: why not?
why not think about it?
because it makes as much sense as anything else that i &apos;ve heard of when it comes to explaining the absolutely maddening caprice of the creative process .
a process that - as anyone who has ever tried to do something - in other words: everyone here - not always behaving reasonably .
in fact , sometimes he can feel downright paranormal .
i met recently when i met the extraordinary american poet ruth stone , now over 90 years old , but a poet all her life . she told me that when she was growing up in village virginia she was working out in the fields . she said she could feel and hear a poem about the landscape approaching her .
she said it was like a thundering train of air,
that would come to them over the land .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth shake under her feet .
she knew she could only do one thing at such a moment . and that was - in her words - &quot; run like a devil&quot;  .
she ran like a devil to the house while being persecuted by this poem . all that mattered was that she had to get to a sheet of paper and a pen quickly enough so that when it thundered through it , she could catch it and hold onto the sheet .
other times she was not fast enough . she ran and ran and ran , but she did not reach the house and the poem rolled through her and she missed it . she said it would continue to cross land and , as she said , &quot; look for another poet&quot;  .
and then there were those moments - the part i &apos;ll never forget - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
so: she runs to the house and searches for the paper and the poem goes through her and she grabs a pen just as it passes through her and then - she said - it was like grabbing it with her other hand and grabbing it to get .
she caught the poem on his tail and pulled it back into her body and took it on the sheet of paper .
on these occasions , the poem arrived impeccably and intact on the paper - but backwards - from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought , &quot; that &apos;s scary - that &apos;s exactly how my creative process works . &quot; 
that &apos;s not like my creative process at all - i &apos;m not the channel!
i am a mule . in order to work i have to get up and sweat every day at the same time , struggling and really uncomfortable .
but even i in my mule type have sometimes touched this thing .
and i guess many of you did that too .
even i had work or ideas that came through from a source that i really can not identify with .
what is this thing?
and how do we relate to it without losing our mind , but , on the contrary , even keeping our mental health?
for me , the best living example of how to do this is the musician tom waits . i was allowed to interview him for a magazine a few years ago .
we talked about this topic . and you know what? for most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the tormented modern artist who tried to control and handle these uncontrollable creative impulses that lived in him .
but then he got older and calmer . he told me that one day he drove on an expressway in los angeles . and everything changed for him .
he was driving at high speed when he suddenly heard a small fragment of a melody that , as is often the case with inspirations , is painfully difficult to grasp . and he wants her . she is gorgeous . he lusts for it , but he can not believe it .
he does not have paper , he does not have a pen , he does not have a tape recorder .
so he begins to ascend this old oppression in him , such as &quot; i will lose this thing and will be persecuted forever by this song .
i &apos;m not good enough , i can not do it . &quot; 
but instead of panicking , he simply stopped .
he finished the whole thought process and did something completely new .
he simply looked up into the sky and said , &quot; excuse me , can not you see that i drive a car? &quot; 
&quot; do i look like i could just write a song?
if you really want to exist , come back to a better moment , if i can take care of you .
if not , somebody is tormenting someone else today .
go and torture leonard cohen . &quot; 
his whole working process changed after that .
not the work itself . it was still often as dark as ever .
but the process and the heavy oppression that surrounds him was lifted when he took the genius out of himself , where he caused nothing but annoyance and left him where he came from , so to speak . he realized that it did not have to be an internalized , tormenting thing .
there could be a peculiar , wondrous , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the alien , external thing that was not quite tom .
when i heard this story , it also changed a bit the way i worked and it saved me once before .
this idea saved me when i was in the middle of the writing process of &quot; eat , pray , love&quot;  . i fell into one of those pits of doubt that we all fall into when we work on something and it does not work out . you start to think it &apos;s going to be a disaster . this will be the worst book ever written .
not only bad , but the worst of times .
i started to think i should just stamp the project .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken in the open air and i tried it .
so i raised my eyes from the manuscript and spoke my comment in the direction of an empty corner of the room .
i said aloud , &quot; listen , you thing , you and i both know , if this book is not brilliant , it &apos;s not my fault , right?
because you see , i invest everything i have . i do not have more than that .
so if you want it better , you have to show up here and keep your share of the agreement .
okay . but , if you do not  . . . you know something , then hell with it .
i will continue writing anyway , because that &apos;s my job .
and i would like to please record that i was here today for my part of the job . &quot; 
because  . . .  . . . in the end it is like this . centuries ago , in the deserts of north africa , people gathered for moonlight festivals with sacred dances and music , which were held for hours - until dawn .
these festivals have always been great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every now and then , very rarely , something special happened . one of the actors actually became transcendental .
and i know that you know what i mean , because i know that you have all seen such a thing in your life before .
it was as if time were at a standstill and the dancer was stepping through a kind of gate . he did nothing unlike he has ever done before - 1,000 nights before . but everything came together .
and all of a sudden , he no longer appeared purely human .
it was lit from the inside and lit from below and everything lit up with a divine fire .
when something happened back then , people knew what that was . they called it by his name .
they put their hands together and began to sing: &quot; allah , allah , allah , god , god . &quot; 
that &apos;s god , you know?
interesting historical footnote: when the moons conquered southern spain , they brought with them this need . over the centuries , the pronunciation changed from &quot; allah , allah , allah&quot;  to &quot; olé , olé , olé&quot;  , which is still heard in bullfights and flamenco dances .
if a performer in spain did something impossible , something magical: &quot; allah , olé , olé , allah , great , bravo&quot;  unbelievable , there it is: a glimpse of god .
and that &apos;s great because we need that .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning , when the dancer himself wakes up and realizes that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock on a tuesday - and he no longer carries a bit of god in him .
he is just an aging mortal with aching knees . and maybe he will never rise again to those heights .
and maybe someone will never call god &apos;s name again when he turns . but what should he do with the rest of his life?
that is hard  .
this is one of the most painful corrections to a creative life .
but maybe it does not have to be so full of pain if from the beginning you did not believe that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence came from them .
if you may just believe that they are a loan - of an unimaginable source for a select time of their lives , which will be passed on to someone else when they are done with it .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
that &apos;s how i started to think , and i think so for the past few months while working on the book that will be released soon - as the dangerous , frightening , highly anticipated follower of my freakish success .
what i have to constantly tell myself , if i go crazy about it , is: do not be afraid .
do not be discouraged .
just do your job .
be there for your contribution , whatever it may be .
if your job is dancing , dance .
when the stupid divine genius that is on your side decides to show a touch of wonder through your effort for a brief moment , then &quot; olé! &quot; 
and if not , still dance your dance .
and &quot; olé! &quot; for you , despite all this .
i believe in it and i feel we should teach it .
&quot; olé! &quot; for you in spite of all this , just for the fact that you love the mere human and the stubbornness to be there for it .
thank you  .
thank you  .
olé!
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice cap , which was the size of the lower 48 states for nearly three million years , has shrunk by 40 percent .
but this does not strongly enough express the seriousness of this particular problem , as it does not show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the beating heart of our global climate system .
it grows in winter and shrinks in the summer .
the next slide i show you is a time-lapse shot that has happened in the last 25 years .
the permanent ice is marked in red .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue marked . this is the annual ice in winter; and it shrinks in the summer .
the so-called dauerereis , five years old or older , is almost like blood that flows out of the body here .
in 25 years it will be gone from here to here .
this is a problem as warming thaws the frozen ground around the arctic ocean , where there are large amounts of frozen carbon which , when it thaws , is converted from microbial to methane .
compared to the total amount of climate-changing substances in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we exceed this critical point .
already in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane is bubbling out of the water on its own .
professor katey walter of the university of alaska has traveled with another working group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow!
she is fine  . the question is , how will we fare?
and one reason is , this enormous thermal storage warms greenland from the north .
this is an annual condensation water flow .
but the volumes are much bigger than ever .
this is the kangerlussuaq river in southwest greenland .
if you want to know how the sea level rises through ash melt , it flows into the sea .
these rivers are rapidly increasing .
at the other end of the planet , the antarctic , the largest ice mass on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent now has a negative ice sheet .
and the western antarctic , which has surfaced over a few underwater islands , is particularly strong in melting .
this corresponds to 20 feet of sea level , like greenland .
in the himalaya , the third largest ice mass , you can see new lakes above , which were glaciers a few years ago .
40 percent of all people in the world receive half of their drinking water from this meltwater .
in the andes , this glacier is the source of drinking water for this city .
the amounts of water have increased .
but when they dry up , most of the drinking water will disappear .
in california , a 40% reduction in sierra &apos;s snowpack was seen .
this concerns the storage tanks .
and the predictions as they read them are serious .
this drought throughout the world is leading to a dramatic increase in firing .
and the catastrophes around the world have increased in a truly extraordinary and unprecedented scale .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the previous 75 .
this is a completely untenable development pattern .
if you look at it in historical terms , you can see what it does .
over the past 5 years , we have produced 70 million tonnes of co2 every 24 hours - 25 million tonnes every day in the oceans .
take a close look at the eastern pacific , from the american continent to the west and both sides of the indian subcontinent , where there is a drastic decline in oxygen in the seas .
the biggest single factor in global warming , apart from deforestation , which accounts for 20 percent , is the burning of fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the two largest polluters , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build many more coal factories .
but we start to see a change .
here are those who have been canceled in recent years , with some green alternatives that have been proposed .
despite this , there is a political dispute in our country .
and the coal and oil industries spent a quarter of a billion dollars last calendar year promoting clean coal , which in itself is a contradiction in terms .
this picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , at my home in tennessee , a billion tons of coal sludge ran out .
you probably saw it in the news .
this is the second largest waste stream in america in our country .
this happened around christmas .
one of the advertising spots of the coal industry around christmas was this .
frosty the coal man is a cheerful , happy boy .
it is in abundance in america , and it helps our economy to grow .
frosty , the coalman gets cleaner every day .
it is affordable and lovable , and workers stay in pay and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey coal .
let me be very clear . al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , they do not know what they &apos;re talking about .
so the alliance for climate protection has launched two campaigns .
this is one , part of it .
at coalergy , we see climate change as a serious threat to our business .
that &apos;s why we &apos;ve made it our top priority to spend a sizeable amount of money on a promotional campaign , the truth about coal .
the fact is , coal is not dirty .
we think it is clean - and it smells good too
so , do not worry about the climate change .
leave it to us .
sour coal , they have heard a lot about it .
so let &apos;s take a tour of this modern , clean coal factory .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .
but it &apos;s the sound of clean coal technology .
and although burning coal is one of the main reasons for global warming , the remarkably clean coal technology you see here is changing everything .
take a close look , this is today &apos;s clean coal technology .
finally , the positive alternative mixes with our economic challenge and national security challenge .
america is in a crisis , the economy , national security , the climate crisis .
the red thread that binds them all is our dependency on carbon-based fuels like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there is a bold , new solution to free us from this predicament .
recover america with 100 percent clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to bring america back to work , to make us safer and to help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
restore america . find out more .
this is the last one .
it &apos;s about a new supply of america .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependency on old , dirty fuels that choke our world .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
new investments to create well-paid jobs .
restore america . it is time to accept reality .
there is an old african proverb: &quot; if you want to be quick , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together .  &quot;
we have to go far and fast .
many thanks  .
i would like to ask you to think back to the time of your childhood , when you were playing with bricks .
as they realized how to stretch out and access the hands that absorb and move clogs , they actually learned to think and solve problems by understanding and changing spatial relationships .
spatial thinking is closely linked to how we understand a large part of our environment .
as a computer scientist - inspired by the nature of our interaction with real objects - along with my mentor patti and my colleague jeevan kalanithi , i began to wonder: what if we were to use computers instead of a mouse pointer that looks like a mouse digital fingertip moving on a flat work surface  . . .  . . . what if we could intervene with both hands and physically grab data and rearrange it the way we want it?
this question was so poignant that we decided to research the answer and develop siftables .
in short , a siftable is an interactive computer the size of a cookie .
they can be moved by hand , they can perceive each other , they can capture their movements and they have a screen and a radio receiver .
much more important: they are physical , which is why you can move them like building bricks just by reaching out and grabbing hands .
and the siftables are an example of a new generation of tools for manipulating digital data .
and as these tools become more physical , develop awareness of their movements , recognize each other and perceive the subtleties of our dealings with them , we can begin exploring new and entertaining types of interaction .
i start with a few simple examples .
this siftable is configured for video playback and if i tilt it in one direction , the video will be played forward; if i tilt it in the other direction , it runs backwards .
and these interactive portraits are mutually true .
so if i put them next to each other , that arouses their interest .
when they are surrounded by one another , they notice that too and can get a bit nervous .
and you feel your movements and inclination as well .
an interesting sequence of interactions that we began to realize was that we could apply everyday gestures to data , such as pouring paint as you do with liquids .
in this case , we configured three siftables as color pots and i can use them to add color to the middle , where they are then mixed .
if we overdo it , we can pour back a little .
there are also some nice opportunities in education such as languages , math or logic games , where we give the people the possibility of quick trial and error and want to see the results immediately .
here i am  . . . this is a fibonacci sequence that i create with a simple equation program .
this is a game of words that is a mixture of scrabble and boggle .
basically you get every round randomly assigned siftable letters on each siftable and while trying to form words , these are checked by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , it will be mixed again and you will have a new combination of spells and new possibilities to try out .
many thanks  .
these are some children who came on an excursion to the media lab . i was able to get them to try it out and recorded a video of it .
they really loved it .
an interesting feature of this type of application is that you do not have to give the people many instructions .
all you have to say is  &quot; make words &quot; and they know exactly what to do .
here are a few more people testing it .
this is our latest beta tester down there right .
it turned out he just wanted to stack the siftables .
so for him they were just building bricks .
this is an interactive trick movie application .
we wanted to develop a learning tool for language learners .
this is felix  .
he can bring new characters into the scene by picking up the siftable from the table showing this figure .
here he lets the sun rise .
none
now he is bringing a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work ! yes !
by shaking the siftables and placing them next to each other he can let the characters interact  . . .
 . . . invent his own story .
hello !
it is an open-ended story and it can decide how it develops .
flying cat .
the last example for which i have time to show it today is a live music sequencer that we have recently developed , where siftables acts as notes , like lead vocals , bass and drums .
each has four different variations; you can choose which one you want to use .
and you can feed these sounds into the sequence , which in turn you can arrange in any pattern .
and you feed them by simply holding a sound siftable to a sequence siftable .
there are effects that you can change live , such as . hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone and then tend to adjust it .
and then higher-level effects such as tempo and volume , which apply to the entire sequence .
so let &apos;s have a look .
we start by feeding the lead vocal into two sequence siftables and arranging them in a row , expanding them and adding a bit more to the voice .
now i add a bass .
now i will do some more drums .
and now i connect the filter with the drums , so i can control the effect live .
i can accelerate the whole sequence by tilting the tempo in one direction or the other .
and now i connect the filter with the bass; for something more expression .
i can change the sequence as it runs .
i do not have to plan it in advance , but can improvise; to lengthen or shorten them during this time .
and finally i can fade out the whole sequence by tilting the volume siftable to the left .
many thanks  .
so , as you can see , my passion is to develop new human-computer interfaces that better match how our brains and bodies work .
and today i had time to show you a part of this new design world and some of the possibilities of what we are working on in our lab .
the thought i want to give them is that we are at the threshold of this new generation of digital media interaction tools that bring information into our world that meets our needs .
many thanks ,
i look forward to talking to you all!
yes , good day  .
i am glad that i am here .
so , what should biohacking be?
first of all , i have to go back a bit , and that is precisely what biohacking is doing with modern molecular biology .
i &apos;m studying molecular biology and have been involved in biohacking for a few years now , and that &apos;s what i started because i just wanted to know more and , above all , wanted to do what i learned in my studies .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity and i wanted to somehow get closer to the matter , so .
i think that molecular biology in general now , in general terms , biotechnology , everything that counts , synthetic biology and so on,
extremely important , is already extremely important and much , much more important will be in the future .
there are such controversial matters as all these genetically modified plants on the fields .
there is now craig venter in the u .s .a , which tries to produce biofuel , that is gasoline from algae .
then there are already things that have arrived totally in everyday life , which most people are unaware of , for example detergent enzymes that allow us to wash with forty degrees of laundry are also genetically optimized enzymes .
and the list can be continued endlessly .
and so out of the interest in it , in this at this technology , i just went further there .
so why hack now?
most people know most people know this from the software sector .
computer hacking , and then it is in the media always so , yes , the hacker break in somewhere and steal data and so on .
that is somehow very sad for the hacker scene , because that does not really hit what she actually started like that and what &apos;s actually behind it .
in the seventies and eighties , the software hackers started with computer crafting and the internet was born out of this .
and it &apos;s about solving a problem in a playful , creative , original way .
and problem , this is not just a technical problem , it can also be a social problem , it can also be simply a problem of access , what simplify things like things , so any problem , raise a question , and how can you do it differently or how can to do it better .
and it just became it &apos;s just gotten software , but there is also in the electronics field , as there is also a whole craft scene that make all sorts of crazy things with electronic circuits .
and now , biology too , and i would like to take this metaphor , which comes from synthetic biology , that biology is actually an information science , because , the dna code is an abstract code , which , yes , it is not quite same as computer , because it &apos;s more dynamic because it &apos;s matter , it &apos;s real , not just cyber .
but it is also a code , and you can also program it and you can also hack it , that way , and i found that i find it incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get into it much more deeply .
that actually only two thousand eight really took shape , these networks .
there is hackteria dot org , that is originally from switzerland , that is with europe and with cooperation in india based network , which meanwhile has members or active people all over the world .
those are a more artistic direction , so there goes &apos;; s are many artists and philosophers and , in collaboration with scientists , busy with dealing with these technologies and asking questions and processing them creatively , there are museum exhibitions and yes , all sorts of things .
but it &apos;s always about finding such a casual way to have such a playful way of dealing with it .
and then there &apos;s do-it-yourself bio dot org , d .i .y .bio .
this is from the u .s .a a network , which is actually more of a kind of forum , where where you just meet and discuss online .
they are a bit more technically oriented and also a bit more businesslike on the way , because then so , yes applied questions are asked .
and starting from these networks , which made the whole thing popular , a scene has developed that i would like to portray for a short time .
here in the picture on the top left you can see biocurious , this is a hackerspace , so in principle a kind of school , so a private school , non-profit association , where everyone can get there .
children , old , all sorts of people go there just to deal with it , they have set up a laboratory and look at what can be done , if these laboratory protocols .
here below on the left is a group in indonesia called house-of-natural-fibers , but they have been around for quite some time .
already longer than these other two networks .
they also deal with such an artistic aspect with biological materials and , yes , also with electronics , and combine this in a rather dissipated way .
a group of ankara , whom i met a while ago , who have that is a group of students who just wanted to convey more to the public , what they learn in uni , and they have done so on street festivals small actions and people trying to explain what dna is .
and i have a lecture on the other picture in copenhagen in the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the topic .
and that is , yes that &apos;s usually pretty young people , but the only thing that really unites everyone is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it and just specifically to approach and ask society , so , okay , what do you know , what do you want to do , are you interested in getting involved with it?
so , o .k , to hack biology now , you need somehow material .
of course you need biological materials , but you also need tools , and that &apos;s a laboratory .
or , what one usually understands by a laboratory , these are somehow freaky machines , extremely expensive , extremely distant , only for specialist staff , trained academics with a doctorate and so on .
and our approach was just to say , o .k , that actually you do not have to do that .
this is not really necessary because every one of every coffee machine actually has more advanced technology than most lab equipment , that &apos;s really true .
and s o with this premise , for example , brian degger in england tried to put together a minimallaboratory , then took a steam pressure cooker , a hotplate and , yes , so soup broth , and then it bred bacteria , works .
so anyone who has ever had a soup that has been left standing for too long has done so before .
i then tried in my lab at home , a little expand , and then i bought so second-hand equipment on ebay and a little dna analysis made , trying a paternity test , so so / dna fingerprinting , again make at home .
that should not be a joke right now , but .
down here in the picture you can see the lab , in quotes , so is a garage with so all the possible laboratory rubbish , the uni has mucked out , a group in paris , which is what something has established and quite successful with it and also makes quite interesting things , because i want to cut even a project short .
and this is biocurious , the just mentioned hackerspace , this yes , so a kind of folk high school in principle for molecular biology .
and yes , well , you see , it is relatively relatively heterogeneous , so that &apos;s just the kind of people who do it alone at home , to large organizations that are more formal in formality .
but always always the approach that it should just be easy and accessible .
the first project that we did as an international group , when we became more and more aware of ourselves , ok , there is us here as a real scene too , and we are online , and we know the people who are always chatting there and so  .
and then just came from the do-it-yourself bio org website of the founder , and said ok , we also really have to meet , even meet real , and then organized two events , one in london , two thousand ten , and shortly thereafter in the us , in san francisco .
and , there it was also about , yes o .k , who are we , what do we want , what do we want and what do we want to communicate?
and what are our values ​​and what are our goals , our basis?
and then we worked out such a code-of-conduct .
that was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed his wishes , his and that which moves him , then , then .
there came , in my opinion , a very good code .
and then we have that is not binding , but that &apos;s just yes , i think so , has prevailed relatively well , the people are quite convinced of so .
and we even tried to bring that back to the academic world , but it did not work out that way .
so i think we from the biohacker scene are in fact even a step further than the academic world .
yes , what kind of projects are we doing now?
a project that i did myself with the hackteria network in switzerland was that we wanted to make a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
that is , when you focus a laser beam on one in space , then you can capture it with small particles in the air or in the liquid and then move in that focus , so that is then captured there , so like a like a tractor beam in principle .
that really works , it &apos;s done in the academic setting , and then we thought , ok , maybe we &apos;ll get it , then we took a webcam , screwed it on , made the lens , turned it over , then we got a microscope , which magnified it four hundred times .
you can see that down there .
and then we unscrewed a d .v .d burner and the burner out of the laser and then tried to focus on this camera there .
unfortunately , that did not work , but we still learned a lot from it .
so another project , that from the french group out there paris , that worked , that &apos;s pretty cool .
and he has such a well , such a brainwave meter , so e .e .g or something , so he &apos;s been busy with neurobiology , his nickname is sam neurohack .
he then made this this this helmet , and in cooperation with the museum that went .
then the visitors could go into the room , sit down on this chair , put on this helmet .
then their brainwaves were measured , and depending on what they thought or how they thought , then different lights in the room were approached .
it was a pretty cool project .
another thing from the us , which also has to do with this paternity test history , is the p .c .r , which is the polymerase chain reaction , complex word .
it is a matter of simply copying , multiplying , and multiplying fragments , so that they can be made visible .
so if i do that now the profilers at the scene , then go there , collect some hair samples , and then they &apos;ll do that method , and then they can say , o .k , that hair belongs to that human , so .
and the machines that do that are pretty expensive , the ones you buy commercially , the cheapest ones start at four thousand euros .
and that &apos;s not in the hobby area , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can do a lot too .
so that &apos;s just one application of many that you can do with it .
and they have set up two so two handymen and said , ok , we make it easier and cheaper , and then just from open source , so freely available hardware , electronics , this device zusammengebastelt and are now even have that brought to market and are now the cheapest supplier of these devices worldwide .
i think it &apos;s about six hundred dollars or something .
but in any case it is now it is still not cheap , but it is definitely in a frame where it becomes more available .
so it is in my opinion a very successful hack .
a project i had started recently was to build a gene-gun .
gene gun is , yes , like some kind of air gun , which shoots about as far as two inches or so .
d .n .a loads on gold particles and the gold particles then in this air pressure gun , and then i shot them on onions and then made it shine with it like that .
so the device that you see there , that did not work .
but that &apos;s my prototype , but it looked pretty bad , so on top of that , the thing on it , electronics and pressure connected , and that was the pressure was too high , the thing broke .
and then i took a cream donor and connected it .
a cream dispenser , if you fill it up with water , it will have enough pressure , so i think it &apos;s about forty to sixteen on it .
and then you can then accelerate the particles strong enough and then go into the onion purely .
and the commercial device will cost about fifteen thousand euros or something like that , cream dispensers around the fifty .
so it does not have the same efficiency , but it is basically feasible .
at the moment this is just the core concern of the scene , to increase this availability of technology and to increase the information and the comprehensibility that more people can get involved there .
because , as it said at the beginning , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have relatively little idea of ​​it and no chance to get there really well .
because , if you only read about it , from secondary literature , that is not the same as having done it yourself or seen it once .
and i think technology is becoming more and more important in our modern societies .
and if , as an informed citizen , you also want to be able to make meaningful decisions in society , then you need access to knowledge and technology .
and and you have to do it and understand it in order to do it and understand it .
and that then goes by the slogan open knowledge and citizen science .
so that just as a citizen is enabled to deal with these scientific technologies .
and that is the core concern of the biohackers .
these are the people who at least officially registered on the website , d .i .y .bio-dot-org website .
that &apos;s a relatively considerable number of people worldwide .
and it is also interesting that they are also represented in southeast asia .
that is i think they are there are fewer people registered than actually exist .
so i know of some who have not registered .
and now these are just the biohackers , the individual people .
sometimes with these hackerspaces , so these places together registered there .
and that is in the beginning .
as i said , two thousand eight it has just begun .
and hackerspaces , the computer hackerspaces , since the c-base in berlin was the first , nineteen ninety-five .
and that has now become a gigantic network of very good , yes , infrastructure centers that are represented all over the world .
and we hope , of course , that we will expand and then similarly well networked , so that more people can be involved .
and i would invite everyone to deal with it and to try something for themselves .
it may not be so simple , but it is not impossible , if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , then you get there too .
thanks for listening  .
that was  &apos;; s .
yes hello  .
how do we humans actually work?
that is a question that moves me a lot as a designer , but also in the field of usability and above all in the field of user experience .
it &apos;s about meeting people in interactive media so that they can use these interactive media and create the most satisfying experience possible .
i believe that the interactive media in us address archaic , cognitive models , that is , patterns of thinking that have been programmed into our biological memory for a very , very long time , and that we can recreate them through interactive media .
and that is very amazing , because you actually believe that this high technology that you encounter there , that actually brings one into the future , but in fact it is so that the future is right here with us , with our archaic roots .
what are actually archaic models?
i once wrote four keywords and would like to explain the short .
archaic cognitive models are the models that we acquired in pre-industrial times .
one of these archaic models is that we have a principally natural relationship to virtuality .
that sounds fundamentally unusual at first .
i &apos;ll go back to that and will try to prove to you that you , too , have a natural relationship to virtuality .
the second aspect is that , because of these archaic models , we are quite able to speak very figuratively , although we now use a codified language .
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the interactive media are by definition non-linear , which implies the negation of linearity , and which , of course , tells us that linearity today is normal .
the fourth point is that the story is a place of information sharing for us .
what about the virtuality that is actually the most natural thing in the world?
i want to prove it to you .
how many doors does the house where you live live?
we will not immediately be able to answer that spontaneously , but the following will happen and is happening right now .
they go through the house in which they live , and look at how many doors there are .
and that is exactly what they do .
they virtualize reality without any computer .
fantastic , right?
and there we try to present the virtual reality in our v .r .-lab , for example , at the media-campus , but we can actually do that all the time .
and this virtual reality virtualize the virtual , the people in the pre-industrial times also needed bitterly , because they had nothing .
they did not have any books .
or they did not have any fotolitography .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in this mind , the memory took place .
in this head has been retrieved knowledge and with the help of these virtual images , the imagination , have just been know also passed .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s so rooted in us that we can handle virtuality so well .
the interesting thing is , if i may make a little trip .
that &apos;s fine  .
the interesting thing is that at that time man was both a media producer and medium himself .
if they think a bit further now .
what are media today?
then you will notice that there has been a change .
but i &apos;ll come back to that again .
an essential tool of information transfer has always been history .
shamans , priests , so-called knowledge guards , were specially turned off to keep their stories in the know .
and even today we are still very , very heavily attached to stories .
according to the author of the storytelling animal , jonathan gottschall , we still spend one thousand and nine hundred hours a year reading stories .
this means for a child who , before reaching the age of majority , has spent most of his life in the reception of stories .
now we think our love of stories depends on having sat on our parent &apos;s lap as a child .
no , no , far from it .
that goes back much further , into the cultures of pre-industrial times .
but for me in the field of interactive media , it is particularly impressive that we have anchored ourselves in our biological memory per se , the ability to think nonlinearly .
i brought you an example from the north american tribe of nootka indians .
and the lives lived in the coastal region of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very island-rich area and you had to navigate somehow , from island to island to get food .
and they did that with so-called lead maps .
you may know that , too , if you &apos;re interested in it , from the australian aborigines .
they have similar principles .
they have no lead maps , but they have used the so-called songlines or traumpfade .
and what &apos;s interesting is that the navigation and topography of regions could be mapped over songs .
where the language was subordinate to subordinate rank .
that is , one navigated through sounds and over rhythm .
and these sounds and this rhythm have represented the geology , the topography of a region and this of course also made it possible that these songs could defragment and put together differently and so could move back to the left , to the right and back to the place of departure .
why do not we sing anymore to get from top to bottom?
certainly not to navigate .
what happened?
happened that the so-called machine age .
we moved in the so-called vogt era before .
the machine age has happened and the book has happened and what happened is photolitography .
and that is precisely what has happened , that we have shifted the responsibility for our memories and the own production of our individual memories to external media .
on the book and on the picture .
unfortunately , we have forgotten how to virtualize god for a while .
virtuality has suddenly become foreign to us and has nothing to do with reality anymore .
bruce brown , a well-known design researcher at brighton university , has gone so far as to say that this mass media means the book and the image , not television , the internet , etc . , and so on , what we call mass media today that these mass media have petrified our memories and evolved our ability to virtualize .
let &apos;s make a small balance .
from the vogt age to the machine age .
what influences ours on our thinking and on our memory?
then there are the fading influences of preindustrial cultures .
and over the centuries , these are being overwritten more and more by the influences of the machine age .
that is , rather than remembering ourselves individually , we have standardized , widespread patterns of memory in masses to which we can attach our personal memories .
we do not produce ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract abstract language .
we no longer imagine the thing in pictures , the things in pictures no longer , but we codify you our language .
we got used to things happening linearly .
and we have accepted linearity as law and there are only exceptions , such as non-linearity .
what has stayed with us is storytelling .
we are still very , very strongly attached to storytelling as an information agency .
the question is , what is coming now?
we had the vogt age , we &apos;ve had the machine age , and we &apos;re treading on the so-called cyber era .
this sounds very spacey and sounds very science fiction , i know .
but these cyber-era concepts bring us back to those possibilities to rediscover our abilities .
it &apos;s about virtuality , it &apos;s about non-linearity , it &apos;s about storytelling .
i want to explain that a little bit .
there are technical concepts such as augmented reality , that is , augmented reality .
so if you look at google glasses , for example , then there is a concept that lets us recombine the virtual world with the real world , that is , our affinity for virtualization , the virtual as something normal , natural , again ,
another example is the so-called virtual reality .
as crazy as that may sound in the context of my presentation , we physically move in non-existent , virtual worlds , following the example of the holodeck .
and others another example are the ambient , intelligent systems .
these are spaces that can respond intelligently to a person .
all this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability to accept virtuality as a real life space .
i &apos;m in the end and i hope the video works , a very , very nice project brought along , that &apos;s the bachelor thesis of michael burk , anna-kathrin krenz , joris klause and jan-moritz muller .
and the last two are here today .
maybe you can get up a bit , so that they can talk about the project with the two during the break .
and i have brought this project as an example , how is addressed again to this archaic , cognitive models .
the whole is a game , i have to say .
which of course comes extremely close to storytelling and it is a computer game .
and when i say computer game , then you probably have in mind that people are fooling people in front of any consoles or playing with those with some console in their hand .
in any case , that they do it in there .
this is a game for outdoors .
and that is purposefully meant for me to discover the outside world , so that i rediscover the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , that is , the data , the data space that we produce , with the real world .
i apologize for having to cut that short .
you can explain that much better , there is a lot more behind it .
the point is that i discover a city by looking at which places were tweeted positively or negatively .
and so i get a completely different view of the city , a completely different impression , namely , i see negative and positive zones of a city and thus get in this way a completely different , virtual map of a very real city .
and we can now look at it .
ah , what you can see here , excuse me , is a little explanation of what you are about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives in the walls of our cities , it &apos;s clear .
and with a kind of flashlight we can visualize these virtual worlds .
so , i would like to summarize my talk in the sense that the properties and the skills that we have acquired from the vogt age , and that we are so a bit buried in the machine age , that with the help of the so-called cyber age can be reactivated and that in this way we do not actually come to the future through complex , technological , new products , but actually back to our roots .
many thanks  .
yes , i am very happy to be with you .
i &apos;ve just been asked if this bag is a talking bag and my will speak instead .
he will not do that .
i will also resolve immediately what &apos;s in there .
but so far i &apos;m still doing it  &apos;; a bit curious .
yes , kids are naturally curious or curious , designers too .
i &apos;m a home-style designer , so of course i &apos;m also interested in the topic of curiosity and how curiosity is changing our thinking again and why are we also losing curiosity and having to  &apos;; s start again , and so on .
that is a whole series of things , with which one deals beside the actual existence as a designer .
when professors become curious , they often become so  &apos;; n research term pushed in .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve had for the past six months .
a research semester on the topic of natural user interface design .
now you &apos;re going to ask , why are all the creators starting to deal with such natural , archaic primitives of communication , interaction , etc , and so on .
and there i hold up only one of these small devices , because things should become more and more intuitive , more natural , more user-friendly and there you have to look , what is natural for us humans , what is user-friendly or intuitive .
and against the background , i have been in the field of natural user interface design , ie the next generation in the human computer so in the relationship of the human computer deals with how our tools or how the computer from the computer successively to the digital assistant changed .
so i &apos;m busy , when is something natural or intuitive .
maybe even have a look behind it .
why does that happen?
so if we look at the development of our society , here briefly presented , then we move now from the third to the fourth generation of society or social form .
from the modern to the computer society .
every society is characterized by a primary medium .
in the beginning the tribal society by the language .
that is , one has found one another , by having spoken a common language one could communicate with one another , has moved into the same cave or in other areas , has formed cities or villages and has so  &apos;; a tribal society so to speak .
but the primary medium was the language , something very natural , something very lively .
you also had to learn , so no toddler can speak naturally , but we learn it successively and relatively naturally .
this was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
that was a huge cry at the time , because of course the living language began to manifest in the form of writing , that is , what is fluid and alive , i start and chisel it in stone and with that i also manipulate it .
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , it is of course a very different coverage , as if one alive of so to speak of itself .
but successively drew then just this font as a primary medium , received collection .
then came the next generation , in which we actually still live today .
that &apos;s just the typeface with gutenberg and others that is characterized by print and print .
at that time was &apos;; it &apos;s just an affront where nobility , clergy and others have said: are you really insane when the people start to read , then they want to have a say later and that &apos;s totally fatal , of course .
and now we are getting into the next generation and the exciting thing is , such a generation change is only every few hundred years and we are really in this moment in this phenomenal phase , that we are going to do it .
of course that totally confuses us , because on one side we see the new media , socil social media , facebook etc and so on .
with the total transparency , what the new thinking is , what bangs on the old think , do not say that in the lasagne horse meat and no beef is more or other phenomena , namely i just want to cover up and just wants to announce .
and these two worlds are just popping together , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing is , if you look at it , this new society , this computer society , borrowed from many mechanisms , principles and archaic patterns of thinking from that of the tribal society .
but now not on a local level , but on a global level .
we understand that the weather is global .
that the topic of ecology is global .
not if i think locally ecologically and the neighbor thinks less ecological , then the whole thing does not work anymore .
that is , the local village has actually become a global village with the same principles , as natural as possible , as intuitive as possible , but also total transparency .
just as we knew back then in the village , who has what with whom and when , this happens today through this extension of ourselves through these mobile terminals on a global level .
let it be that we know how to accumulate globally and accumulate ever faster and better and better .
as it used to happen in the village .
against the background , i &apos;ve just been busy to look , what does it actually mean , what is still natural for us , what have we also forgotten , but what is also instinctive for us , so what makes the difference?
because people often come , they can  &apos;; do not use it so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , what does that mean , and not just change it , that it &apos;s different , but it &apos;s supposed to get better .
and when , of course , is something intuitive and how can i influence it as a designer and just make things accordingly , so that they are a user-friendly , so intuitive as possible , because then they make fun and are easy to use .
then one deals , even during the study , with the topic of perception and perceptual psychology .
and of course that &apos;s where you start and look and say , okay , now i just look inside myself .
and how does it look?  &apos;s actually in there?
so how do we work when we look at it?
and what does it mean , of course , intuitively and how do our channels of perception work and how does cognitive processing work?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig deeper to understand how it works .
so you really have to look in detail , if i want to make something user-friendly or intuitively manageable , what does that mean in the core .
and you can already see that you are one of our seven senses , most think we have only five , meanwhile  &apos;; even though we have already accepted seven , the next , eighth sense will surely be added in the near future , and as an extension of ourselves again .
and to see how we process information , how do we collect information?
to say alone , what is information?
information is any difference that makes a difference .
many use the word , but do not know what it means in detail .
but i have to understand in the core , to understand in the world , when will information become information , when will i get information from information and from information in turn , so that i know how i can make things intuitively or naturally manageable afterwards .
and of course , how does design influence the perception .
we see this when i create things , then i can make them confusing like on the right side , where i do not know what is salt and pepper , or i can make them quasi intuitive by showing things .
so much more natural , in a vessel , but i see , so to speak , directly , where is salt and pepper in it .
and if i tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , then he will think at the right first , where is something inside .
and the left just intuitively access and then i hope that there is no sugar in it , the salt just give accordingly .
but also our perception itself , how wrong it is for us .
for example , this perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the small one , although that is not the case , but they are just the same size , and yet our perception changes depending on the context in which we put things in .
does anyone know what that is ?
come on  .
pattern recognition should still work .
there is &apos;; it &apos;s more like my glasses .
so it is &apos;; n circle .
a second circle already begins to correlate or associate certain similarity .
and when i stop to add a half-oval , we suddenly no longer see just one more unit , namely circle , circle and , but we see a unity , we no longer see three parts , one circle , one circle , another .
this is what is called gestalt law or gestalt psychology , which in turn also influences us in perception .
important for the designers , who usually have the first semester , the great gestaltgesetze .
design law of proximity , design law of continuity and so on .
often forgotten in the third then again .
but that is an essential part of making things as intuitive as possible .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting that of seeing .
sounds banal at first , but is accordingly exciting , if one deals with it more closely .
so we have the eyes in the front and now they think , we see from front to back .
that is wrong .
they see first from the back to the front .
namely , they project an assumption forward , that they see something that they recognize , for example circle .
that is , we first project our vision before we see it , then bring it back into our vision machine , to say , okay,
i &apos;m like this &apos;; a cognitive feedback , you &apos;ve projected what you want to see .
that is there too , that comes back then .
then goes  &apos;; s back to the front , because the rear does not trust the front and says , now really please look again and make sure if what you see , that &apos;s what you want to see .
and then go  &apos;; s back and then  &apos;; s actually seen .
so a very , very exciting process , how certain things happen and in what millisecond areas these things happen .
i do not know who of you knows this picture .
there happens exactly the same thing that i just described .
now everyone is trying to recognize something from this pattern .
i do not know who recognizes what .
does anyone see something specific?
a dalmatian , exactly .
once i &apos;ve seen that , that there is a dalmatian in there , then they know that .
you will be  &apos;; i &apos;ll never forget it , because i &apos;ll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
and on , now they always see him .
that is , i have now spoiled them to the point that they no longer recognize no pattern in it , but i have conditioned them within a very short time , again and again to see this dog in this confused image .
and that is this projection of seeing , feedback , seeing .
now i know  &apos;; s and now i &apos;m projecting forward that i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
so very , very exciting processes , which then in this , yes , gray is not really , but just here in this pink mass just run accordingly .
does anyone know what three seconds are?
long , yes .
that is our present .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know , something takes three seconds , until i sort of out of the present in the past loop , then i can also bridge very good waiting times , in which i always employ him by keeping someone with three seconds .
he has to process that as a present .
then it goes into the past and thus i can bridge very elegant waiting times for example at the computer , if i know this phenomenon .
what takes twenty five milliseconds?
yes , milliseconds .
also a very exciting phenomenon .
this is the period in which one falls in love .
that means , beware , if you know that now , pay attention to who you look at for how long , because i do not take responsibility for what can happen then .
and sixteen milliseconds , also a very exciting phenomenon .
that &apos;s the period of most of the perceptions that we have .
that is , this first impression happens at a rapid rate of speed as we perceive things .
and how we see things , what we pay attention to , and how we protect ourselves , so to speak , against our environment so that we can think it over .
of course , the designers are not only concerned with the subject of perceptions and neuronal processing or cognition ergonomics , but primarily with the subject of the human-object relationship .
so how does a person deal with certain things?
there are once product-language practical functions , so formal aspects or formal aesthetic aspects .
there are sign functions , where i know exactly where i have to reach .
but there are also symbolic functions , why is someone for such a small pouch , where hardly anything fits in anyway , so horrendous bucks of money , although it is not so practical?
there we are more on the symbolic , on the level of meaning , with which we as a designer of course also deal .
back to my actual topic natural user interface and the topic , which of course also lies behind usability .
usability always means how can i reach a certain goal as quickly as possible or how can a user achieve a goal as effectively , efficiently and satisfactorily as possible in a given context of use .
says so  &apos;; it &apos;s more the norm .
how can i make something as user-friendly as possible?
can i serve that directly or do i need it  &apos;; n manual or do i need  &apos;; ne appropriate training for it .
and less usable or easy to use .
the fact that i only make it different and more beautiful does not mean that it is easier to handle .
you also have to understand that .
and if you then look at the software that we have just seen , then you will also understand why ninety-nine percent of our current software is not very intuitive or not immediately usable , the i-pad in many areas or i-phone accordingly included , though  &apos;; s is much more intuitive than classic software .
intuitive usability is not just an elementary economic factor since apple , an elementary success factor , if i just want to harness technological devices to people .
why ?
because , as a rule , this new type of usability , ie the natural user interfaces , means that we are five times faster on average at our destination .
you have to imagine that if you make some of the classic softwares you will need five hours and with this new kind of natural software you only need one more hour .
this does not mean that you will probably be allowed to go home four hours later , but your employer or somebody will think of how to work with them for four hours .
but i want to say that for us it is of course a corresponding increase in performance , to achieve certain things .
so , when we go back into the software area , here are the first command line interfaces , which were very abstract , where it took months to deal with these systems .
then came the next ones who are already with  &apos;; a neural model or mental model like the software eergonomists say they have worked , namely , one would have an idea of ​​something , the metaphor , the metaphor of a desktop to harness the computer .
so no longer zeros and ones or cryptic codes , but just a metaphor .
that made the whole much easier to use , but of course it is much better .
the next generation of graphical user interfaces is already much more of a behavioral one .
so as a designer , i make it a lot more habitual than looking that way .
that is also a paradigm shift .
that all of a sudden , it seems that the usability of an application becomes ever less important for success .
and if i then go one step further into these natural user interfaces , where i have to control the things by voice , by voice , by touch , by gesture and no longer by mouse and cursor , then i &apos;m even faster and even more immediate .
but that also leads me back to the point , when will things actually become more intuitive?
if you become more intuitive and then i have to strain my little friend here again and look , what does that mean in terms of cognition ergonomics , when is something really intuitive?
and that &apos;s for us humans is always a bit intuitive , if i have to think about as little as possible .
so apparently he does not like to think , but to make it relatively easy .
the less i think about it , so to speak , the more intuitive it is .
and what does that mean for the designer?
that is , if we look at the fact that we can transfer existing models of action from one to something else , for example the metaphor , then i can take advantage of that as a designer .
that is , i can just as an intuitive , human action model on a software transfer and thus make the software much easier to use .
of course , the question arises , what is actually the most intuitive scheme of action of us humans and now i have  &apos;; s already betrayed .
this is the so-called osit model .
each of us uses that and osit is an acronym and stands for orient , select , inform , transact .
every one of them does that all the time , but he does &apos;; s unconscious and yes almost intuitive or sometimes instinctive .
the model is already pronounced in the womb and is intercultural , so it works globally among young and old , and is used by us all the time without most of us knowing that this model exists .
osit osit in itself is about fifty to seventy thousand times of us depending on activity , so in the sleep one has found that it is then less frequently strained than during the day .
i can now orient , select , inform , transact and transfer this mental action model to an interaction system .
and through this type of transfer , similar to the metaphor of the desktops , but no longer a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a pattern of action , of a principle of action .
and that is at a higher grail of usability than that of transmitting a classic metaphor , namely that of the desktops .
and if i translate this now , for example , in which i express orientation as an overview , select as a selection , inform in the case , it comes big to me , i can  &apos;; s looking at me in detail , and yes , transacting means i can throw it somewhere or send someone or shop it and so on,
then i can transfer the whole thing .
i &apos;ll try that with an example .
everyone has already eaten cake .
survey: now i interact with the object so to speak , can zoom out again , zoom in .
i get the whole overview , can now filter on it and can say , just show me everything with chocolate , for example .
and suddenly have an interface , which is much more intuitive and much more natural .
because the fact that i can grasp the things like the bits and pieces , and they approach me , is much more natural than through hierarchically organized websites or other mechanisms , so to speak , to make these things accessible .
imagination is more important than knowledge , and with this sentence i would like to close , a and again to give the hint , even designers have to think differently in order to come up with new solutions , and in this sense , i sincerely thank you for your attention and please  .
i want to help you with a very specific aspect of curiosity .
the first , when you grow up as a child , as a baby , is that you care about what excretions you have , yes? and depending on whether your parents have allowed you to play more or less in your potty and to stir , the more , so to speak , your curiosity will of course be aroused .
and the curiosity can not be learned .
therefore , all who are here and curious are in fact people who have a property that one can not learn .
my concern now is to translate practically this entire environmental discussion , the end of the world , forty years of club-of-romance , into quality .
and there is a central point here .
and it depends on phosphor .
give pee a chance .
every day they give + order of magnitude about two grams of phosphorus and every day you need to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can not have teeth .
you can not save energy .
you can not have bones .
we could only glide through the oceans as amorphous molluscs .
if in fact we do not absorb and release phosphorus .
surprisingly , we are dealing with something here , which is actually  &apos;; it would be obvious , but not at all .
because everyone is talking about energy , but nobody talks about the phosphorus problem .
the phosphorus problem is much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we only have phosphorus for two years and already phosphorus mining is bringing more uranium into the environment worldwide than is used in all atomic plants .
in the last twenty years alone , fifteen thousand tons of uranium have been distributed on our fields in germany .
and we take it all in .
it makes leukemia in children .
and we think we would protect the environment if we are a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , use less energy .
but that is no protection .
that &apos;s the way i say , protect your child , just beat it three times instead of five times .
that &apos;s just a little less destruction .
if we think so from cradle to grave , then our whole earth will sooner or later become a cemetery .
therefore to think of cradle to cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground , as the very first .
over sixty percent of the carbon is stored in the soil .
at the moment we grow corn and lose between eleven and thirty kilograms thirty tons per hectare , or on the square meter also convert .
that is , we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than is newly formed .
of course we can first look at the garbage problem .
and everything is packaging or content .
in offenbach , for example , household waste accounts for twenty percent of the garbage amount in the meantime .
and as we get older , the diapers get bigger .
that is they are all , so to speak , in the pre-diaper phase .
yes ?
a baby needs about six thousand diapers .
of course , we could reduce that by ten percent , but what does it matter?
this will be compensated in one second in china .
that is completely irrelevant .
the question is , how do we deal with these diapers?
by the way , this is a proof that men are not pigs .
i want to tell you .
because phosphorus is given off at pigs by solid constituents excrements .
in humans over the urine .
yes  .
so that men can not be pigs .
because that &apos;s so busy , right?
traditionally we think in the environmental debate , we are too many in the world .
and if you tell people that if you deny people to exist , if you say that &apos;s better , you &apos;re not there , then they become greedy and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , says there is nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel , when you save a human life , you say that you are saving the earth .
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yes  .
the first question is , are we really too many?
if you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on the earth , then the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could also take termite , but in the usa , nobody likes termites , in so far as they are vegetarians .
that is , the ants weigh much more than we do .
and because they work much harder physically than we do and because they only live three to six months , their weight and energy consumption equate to about thirty billion people .
that is , we are not too many , we are too stupid , right?
and where you can see how far we are from what we really wanted to and could achieve , and how sad we are that we are even on earth , you can see that , for example , offenbach has a program until twenty forty you are climate neutral here , yes?
they can only be carbon neutral if they do not exist , yes?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a climate neutral tree?
yes ?
a single?
that is , all our intelligence means we want to be more stupid than trees , yes?
yes ?
no tree is carbon neutral .
not to luck , yes?
there is no overpopulation problem with trees .
there are still six hundred billion trees in the amazon alone .
have you ever heard of over-population problems of trees?
that is , all our intelligence means we want to be more stupid than trees .
and where you see , even with something like demeter , the strictest organic farming , does not allow our own metabolites to decline .
each year , we lose three million tonnes of phosphorus , which would really have to go back in cycles .
and we are too many .
alone about it .
that is , we feel so guilty on the earth that we say . there is no organic farming , no bioland , no nature-et-progrès and as they all call , that allow our own excrements to go back .
is not that sad?
we are too many .
it certainly makes sense to be less harmful in terms of oil consumption .
but where are we useful?
we try to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about having a big footprint that &apos;s useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , the highest is not being there , right?
zero emissions , yes?
they can only have zero emissions if they are not there .
even if they shoot now , they would have emissions .
so they can not solve it .
we can do it differently .
we can recover our nutrients .
we do agriculture in brazil from where we recover the nutrients .
we can directly recycle nutrients into agriculture in this way .
we do this in china , for example , where we directly take the waste from it .
in china , a pot is still called honey pot , so to speak , yes?
and in our western world we have always been too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that is , the whole history of western civilization is characterized by the fact that the city has always taken but has never returned anything to the farmers .
as a result , the cities had to grow more and more because the farmers went to the cities and the cities had to fetch their nutrients ever further away .
that &apos;s why all the western empires have always expanded until they have not made the infrastructure and then they have imploded .
yes ?
it was different in china .
civilization has been accomplished without interruption for over five thousand years , because one has always been able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when they are invited to eat in china , after dinner they are expected to stay until they go to the restroom .
because it is unfriendly to go and take the nutrients with you .
you have them too you invited them to eat , not to nutrient theft .
in other words , you can see on the internet how to recover the nutrients .
the really nice thing about doing that , that is farming , producing biogas , on a hectare of land with five thousand inhabitants in favelas , can make a farmer earn about fifteen hundred dollars and maintain the plant , chickens and pigs breed and ducks and vegetables and fish .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate in the favelas goes down by over ninety percent .
so we do not have to control people to be as bad as possible .
we can help you to be good .
of course , this is high-tech agriculture , but the plants carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are designed by the design that a farmer can easily manage .
that is , the crime rates go back .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over a hundred and fifty in the last twenty years , none of these facilities has ever been sabotaged .
they could easily throw in a gallon of old oil and then the plant would be ruined for years .
does not take place  .
that is , we do not have to control people to be as bad as possible .
we can help you to be good .
that is , we have to get phosphorus back .
and by the way , if you want to do something from this , write down yourself , in germany the most suitable of all sewage treatment plants is in frankfurt .
unfortunately they are not in offenbach , but maybe they can help the frankfurters a bit .
because the frankfurt plant could best recover the phosphorus .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphor is really critical .
and we see that it succeeds .
we have now spent more than three years in holland .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world to recover phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
you understand , there are two countries that control almost seventy percent of phosphorus worldwide .
there the opec is a bunch of orphan boys .
these are twenty-six countries controlling forty percent of oil stocks .
and we will be able to replace the oil with other energy sources .
but you will not be able to replace the phosphorus .
so it &apos;s not about making the existing one a little less bad , it &apos;s about doing something right .
and above all , first of all , ask yourself what &apos;s the right one .
that is , it &apos;s about effectiveness , not efficiency .
in holland , of course , this is easier , because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
yes ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when she gets angry , and you come with fifty roses .
completely inefficient .
but completely effective , yes?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six point three kilograms during her life .
with it .
scientifically , that &apos;s not exactly accurate , because we do not know how much is kissed away .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but quite effective , yes?
everything that is beautiful in life is not efficient .
therefore not resource efficiency , but effectiveness .
to ask , what is the right one?
not to burn the sewage sludge a little better and deposit it with it and lose all the materials for recycling in the incinerator , but first of all ask how do you close cycles?
imagine mozart efficiently .
yes ?
if i invite you to dinner and say , yes , there is a tablet with offenbach taste and a glass of water .
wonderful  ,  &apos;; ne?
that &apos;s efficient .
everything that is beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone , efficient?
yes ?
that is , everything that counts in life is gone; s not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
the whole environmental discussion .
we tell the people , oh yes , you have no environmental awareness in the south .
no , throwing away is just right , yes?
at every point where you throw away , from , yes , you create opportunities for life again .
but the wrong things .
if you throw away the wrong things , you have a garbage problem .
in how we think from the north .
every footprint is disadvantageous there .
when you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the floor .
because the soil will die off the moose and the wind and the water will wash the soil away .
but if you are in italy , every footprint means that the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it &apos;s about creating a big footprint that becomes a wetland .
not debt management .
we say sustainability in germany .
yes ?
but if i ask her , how are you? do you like that with your wife?
what do you say then?
sustainable .
then i say , heartfelt condolences , yes?
that &apos;s just the minimum .
so do not save , do without , avoid .
every waste is nutrient .
and it &apos;s a pleasure to see them in italy as people in high spirits do; ne coladose out of the car , in addition .
because you know , this is a pleasurable process .
it is  &apos;; ne form of revier behavior , yes?
they can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
for example , we have developed an ice-cream packaging that is at room temperature  &apos;; ne fluid .
they can throw them away , where they go and stand .
in two hours it will break down everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing away they contribute to the diversity of species .
that is , we are useful , no less harmful .
so there are two cycles .
not everything should of course be compostable .
a tv or a washing machine , they only use , they do not consume .
only the things that wear out , such as shoe soles , such as brake pads , like car tires , must be such that they go into biological systems .
the things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we only talk about the biological systems .
yes ?
for example the sneaker , yes?
quite direct advertising , not for puma per se , but for helping this company to make these products successful .
because we do not we do not make things more free of .
yes ?
so , if i invite you to eat and say it &apos;s chick-free , it will not help them .
no , we determine what &apos;s in it .
positive .
so not like detox .
not poisonous in it .
but everything that is in it is useful .
these are the first shoes with which you can lay down the cavalier start at the pedestrian light and the rubber can go into biological circuits , yes?
all of it is compostable of it .
and if we succeed , of course , we will succeed for adidas , for nike , for hennes and mauritz , and for the entire textile industry .
and that is half of the world &apos;s wastewater problems caused by the textile industry .
that &apos;s why they help with that , ask the people .
hey , cougar , are you really serious?
because they have already twice changed the chairman of the board .
and i &apos;m not so sure if they really stick to it .
so , help me with it a bit .
but it works  .
yes  .
that which has just been presented .
this works out  .
we can now do things like that , if they wear out , if they break , they can enter biological cycles .
technical cycles are  &apos;; it &apos;s the same .
there is a direct re-naming system for this .
this is the first ecological backpack , in fact , made for going back into the cycle .
also that , so in each store you can get the things back .
if they come to that , yes?
do you remember the diaper again?
if at the moment is the garbage .
everywhere these diapers are around , almost .
in the countries where people come to money .
in front of the landfills , but otherwise in the landscape , right?
if we change the plastic so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the water storage inside , that they can just go back to cellulosic , then you can plant one hundred and fifty trees with a baby in israel or tunisia .
yes ?
but if you take this diaper , crush it , sterilize it , and take the powder to plant trees .
so the baby is carbon positive for the whole life , from the very beginning .
so , we do not need to be climate-neutral , we can be climate-positive .
it &apos;s about a beneficial poop print , so to speak .
yes , so to speak .
yes ?
we can do that  .
we can reinvent everything again .
i founded an institute for this purpose .
in the meantime many people work there and they can all get involved .
there is an extra club , cradle-to-cradle-verein , where everyone can join .
so no longer save , dispense , avoid , reduce , no debt management , but intelligent waste .
does she make that curious?
thank you very much  .
the work of the interpreter .
music as language .
in the description to my speech it is written that i understand as an interpreter , me as a translator , so in the english word meaning .
interpreters are translators of written music into sounding music .
that as a translator not only word by word translates the text into another language , but also has to understand the deeper meaning of the words and word context , so that it makes a meaningful translation , knows anyone who has to do with foreign languages .
translating from german into english can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or even poetry .
but it is completely alien for the amateur what we musicians do with our musical language .
as an interpreter of a piece of music , i initially only have the written notes .
you are sure that the composer wrote down in the notes exactly what he thought up .
in fact , the notes are very vague and inaccurate .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , albeit very seemingly meticulous , description of a landscape .
because in this verbal landscape description , the fragrance of the flowers is not to smell , the degree of green only to guess , the murmur of the wind not to hear , not to feel .
that is , the interpreter must translate these inaccuracies of musical notation into another , audible , concrete , nonverbal musical language .
today i want to translate what i otherwise interpret musically , that is to say , into a verbal language .
in practice a translation of the translation .
therefore , i prefer to do all this in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be synonymous with translation of the translation of the translation for me .
so , the music works for me so much like the spoken language .
the notated notes have the function of the letters of a font .
so it is not enough to just learn to read the notes and to press the corresponding keys on the piano or the right spot on a violin string .
those are just the letters that you have learned to paint .
you only recognize the meaning of the letters when you can speak the language .
consequently , for the learning process of the music musical language is at least as long as for the spoken language .
there are also gradations , whether you learn it for home use , just passive understands or you can also speak actively , to the musical native speaker .
the artist &apos;s work begins in a similar way to that of a theater director .
after you have chosen to play a piece , because you are enthusiastic about it , you first search for backgrounds of the genesis of the composition .
one collects information about the piece in the secondary literature .
one reads in the letters , diaries , notes , or whether there are words , thoughts of the composer himself .
one studies the works he composed before and after .
one compares .
reasons to write it .
how and what did he feel?
what were his living conditions like those of society and politics?
i &apos;m interested in everything .
one thinks oneself into this time by , for example , looking at contemporary pictures or reading literature .
in time , as an interpreter , you also have a wealth of knowledge about the composer you play more often , and it is always easier for you to think and feel in it .
the composer becomes more and more the friend with whom one lives together .
his desire to write this piece is increasingly becoming my personal concern for playing it .
since the notes are anything but an exact record of the composer &apos;s concern , but only a scaffolding , i now apply this framework to fill it again with meaning and meaning .
i then say in my own words what might be written between this framework .
i explain what these sounds could mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what they could mean for him today .
every sound , every phrase gets a meaning , because i feel it myself , because it springs from my now personally lived .
it must be in harmony for me here and now , otherwise i can not convince my audience that this is my concern .
it is always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the piece that i have worked so long in advance , how to experience new .
how to experience a happy new day again and again , although always with the same rituals of life , getting up , having breakfast , going to work , so i experience the same piece again and again .
i grew older one day , the seasons change , my pulse slows down in the evening than in the morning , in a concert hall it takes more time for the sound to come back than at home .
i perceive the breathing of the audience , consciously or unconsciously .
all of this influences me and all of this also influences my experience with the composition .
it &apos;s also wonderful when i &apos;m on stage with a duo partner and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens as in a good , lively conversation .
one brings in a new idea and immediately it is answered with a reaction .
it &apos;s exciting , because then things happen that we did not rehearse and what you can not rehearse .
it &apos;s a lot of fun to make music that way , and you as the audience have experienced how the music communicates alive .
so every concert is a different concert .
i &apos;ll never play like this anymore .
i can not play like i did in twenty years .
i will have more experience of life than today and therefore i will have a lot more nuances of color , emotions and feelings in my range of music sounds than today .
sure , i &apos;ll throw some pots out , but get new ones for that .
have a nice concrete example .
it was on a piano course for music students with my beloved old teacher , professor jürgen ude , a well-known beethoven specialist , concert pianist and longtime professor of the musikhochschule here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was still too young , so he was already emeritus when i finally started to study .
but i had the great fortune to get to know him very early , at the age of thirteen , and so i was on his courses during my school days .
i was seventeen when i attended one of his classes again and played the last of the four ballads by chopin , a late work .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was for me .
that is such a worn part .
and in my youthfulness i said , expectation .
he smirked and said , so?
that must be the age difference .
because for me it means remembrance .
he was already over sixty .
well , at seventeen you have dreams , but no significant memories .
i play the track every few years today and it has always changed for me , although not a single note has changed .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because again and again i read something new .
an example from a completely different area . monet has painted the water lilies x times .
it is always the same garden , but at different times of the day , with different light .
he has translated the water lilies on various occasions , as he has seen them , as they were acting on him at that moment .
his personal impressions of water lilies .
the x-times interpretation of a piece is comparable to this one .
meanwhile , i am already older than chopin at thirty-two , when he wrote the piece .
he lived only thirty-nine years .
and it is important to me to keep looking at the notes , even if i think i can memorize them .
to have a conversation with the composer .
because the notes are the only connection directly to him .
especially if he has already died .
well , how do you start to speak the language of music?
i already said that it takes about as long as for the spoken language .
often the music lessons are so that you learn to read the notes first .
you practically learn to read this first , before you speak only one word .
one learns to find the notes to the notes on the instrument .
if all the fingers move in time and correctly as it is in the notes , then sounds come out that sound together like music .
if this happens without error , the student gets the next difficult piece .
interpretation is barely spoken in the beginners class .
well , then there is presto in front , that &apos;s a quick piece .
lento , slowly .
loud and quiet , f and b , et cetera .
most of you know that .
but even if you put these details into practice , it still remains something technical .
and still it is not an interpretation .
i wonder  .
i am surprised that one often forgets something elementary .
namely , that in order to make music on the instrument , one &apos;s own musical do and feel should already exist before .
namely the singing .
a child who did not learn to sing , because the parents did not show it , will not do it by itself .
it &apos;s like learning to speak .
it is necessary to have your own experiences and idea of ​​the music in order to make it sound through another possibility , ie via an instrument .
people who have never sung have never immediately felt with their own body what it is like to make a sound .
to shape a phrase with your own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal cords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
so the hammerheads in the piano are the continuation of my fingers .
the melody arises from the song and the rhythm from the dance .
the constant sprinkling with music today is not conducive to it .
you do not need to make music yourself when it gets boring .
no need to whistle or sing a song .
each of your own music is flattened , if you are constantly sounded from the outside with music .
sure , there are some of them who say yes , but what do you do if i can not sing?
i ask , can not they sing , a , because they believe that they can not sing?
or b , because they have not learned to sing?
it is not too late to start with both of them to find out if they can not , or to learn how to properly use those little muscles that set the vocal cords .
you can train that .
or c , because they have been certified to be unfit .
i ask , how professionally competent was this diagnosis?
have you already got a second or third opinion , as you say it nicely nowadays?
or d , they just do not like music and therefore do not want to have anything to do with it either .
but what i would regret then , because music is a nice , communicative thing .
but maybe you can change it too .
well , so you see , in any case no one must be a hopeless candidate .
but please do not say , i understand nothing of classical music .
i can not say if it &apos;s good or bad .
i answer that , but surely you can tell if you like it or not .
because i do not believe , someone says it , i do not know if  &apos;; i like it because i can not cook .
so , they do not give up eating just because they can not cook .
so you do not have to do without classical music because you do not play any instrument .
listen carefully and tell them if they like it or not .
if the music is too peppery or too sweet for you .
say what they feel .
over time , they also get claims and want to have a little more spices in them or taste even subtle differences .
why do i demand from my audience that it also actively listens?
because the music is a language and a language is there to communicate .
a work of art that you never look at has no power to work .
the food that was lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook must be eaten and not just looked at or recipes exchanged .
so please listen when a music is playing .
she is not just a nice noise wallpaper .
if a child grows up in an environment where the adult is actively playing music or at least actively listening to music , then it &apos;s easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower?
can you play it in blue now?
and the child plays , after a commemorative break , instead of a red now a blue flower instead .
and this sounds completely different than before .
that was the very first beginning of his own musical expression .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens if you play a piece today that was originally written a hundred , two hundred , or even three hundred years ago?
meanwhile , the instruments have evolved .
at the time of bach there was no piano as an instrument .
it just was not invented .
i think that the bach would have been thrilled if he had had the tonal possibilities of today &apos;s modern pianos .
today i can make the sound ideas that the brook had on the modern wing sound like a baroque harpsichord can not .
beethoven also knows that he heard more than he had become deaf already .
today , a modern orchestra is capable of playing everything that an orchestra back then rejected as unplayable .
that &apos;s why the composers depend on us interpreters who reinvent the pieces .
so that they become audible , what they thought up only in the spirit .
and also what they would think in spirit today .
or what i imagine today because of what they might have thought .
thank you very much  .
do you know what is envy?
have you ever been jealous?
and how did that feel?
shit .
i have a friend who drives a passerati .
when i come then , with my little v pesel and me next to it , this feeling comes up .
something is shooting through my head .
i say , ulf , why do you need it? n big car?
that loses half of its value in the first year .
and anyway , you work much less than me .
why do i have to do so  &apos;; n afford a small car?
and then i remember immediately , that &apos;s unfair .
it is against justice .
and as i say the word justice , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism has invented a great way to make such unpleasant feelings like envy disappear .
you can also try that with words like revenge or profit or something like that .
today , with this mechanism , i want to explain something to you or bring you closer to something that you are probably unconsciously familiar with .
the mechanism comes from the lie .
but do not think about the lie that you may have heard when people say that no one has the intention of building a wall .
and then stones pile up so he blocks their sight .
on such a lie , they see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it is also easy to check that he has completely different ideas .
he is only deceiving them and not himself .
no , the lie that i &apos;m talking about has to do with fooling yourself .
they need this lie to be a life lie , to maintain a self-deception .
they can less easily , yes , check or even bring to collapse .
you need time .
from this time speaks an anecdote that you may know .
the spanish painter pablo picasso once portrayed a woman .
this woman then complained that the portrait would not look like her at all .
picasso answers , just wait .
it becomes more and more like them .
at this point and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is and how much time they need to learn something that artists can tell us very well .
because artists have a disturbed relationship to lying .
the artist tells you something , and especially this lady , what she does not see when she just looks in the mirror .
in such a portrait , the artist tells them something they will only become familiar with when they look at this artwork again and again .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like it and it becomes more and more like it .
here you have this mechanism with which we can use the lie as a great invention to stabilize our living conditions .
and not only in art , but also in folk tales , in mythology , in stories , it reappears .
you may know this idea from the lady , who looked every morning in the mirror and asked him , who is the most beautiful in the country?
one day this mirror says , yes , there is a nicer one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror can not lie , springs from this true information .
but we should just get used to the fact that you can not tell a woman that there is a nicer place somewhere else .
here it is necessary to reiterate what we understand by politically correctness .
at this point we need this lie , which keeps us deceived , without which we can not go on living .
we have such great lies not only in art , folk-tale literature , but also in science .
and there is this story from the wife of the bishop of worchester .
she heard of this book of charles darwin , the genesis of the species and the descent of man .
that man should descend from the monkey and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between humans and monkeys .
and then she ran and ran to her husband and said that &apos;s not true what charles writes .
man should have descended from the monkey or have a common ancestor .
no no thats wrong  .
and if it is true , then we must prevent people from knowing it .
why do we have to prevent people from knowing anything if it is true?
because we can not live without this life lie .
because we have this self-deception , that feeling of being great , of the highest beings , not of such a nature , of something as unpredictable as an organism that still exists , comparable to a stone and other things , that is unbearable for us ,
so , we can not stand these things .
we must prevent people from gaining knowledge of things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism dissolves and how the traces it leaves behind , which lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want to bring you another story closer .
a beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she is a teacher , and she told me about a student .
an autistic student .
she especially likes him because he has a passion for sincerity .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies?
and there he says , well , i &apos;m at the fire department .
and because i &apos;m at the fire department , i &apos;m interested in pyrotechnic things .
yes , they already feel it when they are cheerful in this place . something is wrong here  .
i &apos;ve told my wife whenever a human in a moral justification uses that word because we should try to replace it with the word though .
do this once and then you will learn the sentence .
although i &apos;m at the fire department , i &apos;m interested in pyrotechnic things .
you feel that is the real truth behind the information .
such a little boy , who does not care about the fire extinguishing .
he is interested in firing .
but there are no clubs that we can look for , where to learn how to make fire .
there is only the second best , just the fire department .
he signed up .
and , moreover , one does not tell his teacher that one likes to lay fires somewhere and is happy when the fire later blazes .
no , it just looks a lot better if we show that we are responsible for eliminating the dangers that others can only do if they set fire to it .
here you have this little mechanism .
this reference to the fact that in the innermost of the boy already knew that he is actually related to the fire , but that he can not say that out loud .
here you have this censor between the unconscious and the conscious , which starts immediately without you being able to do anything about it , and the things that you know they look very different , designed to make them much better for you and others can sound .
in that case , those words are simply created that we use again and again in the language of politically correct speech .
actually , we know that something else is the case .
but we know that when we say that , social conditions are very sensitively disturbed .
we can not just do that .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that is supposed to work .
i would now like to explain to you what we found out in my institute .
according to which logic this delusion , this self-delusion , the readiness to spread to the outside a reality other than that of which we already know in the unconscious that it is valid .
i will show you two , maybe three examples .
the first example assumes what many of them know and appreciate some of them , very few do not need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul?
the soul is something spiritual , say leibniz .
it is something that does not stop from material , material nature .
and if you have people who are convinced that you have a soul , or you can say that they believe that they have been brought to life by the soul , then they imagine it as when if the soul were such a spiritual frame over them , not of matter , they themselves only of flesh and blood , something stony , so to speak , bound to the earth , transient , decayable , unimportant , even dead .
and from this soul they now think that somehow in this cloudy nature , in this airy nature , anima , it is said in latin , the air of life , is present .
and when this air then pours over man , then he is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature , which can only live , even with soul .
and then he can run away .
that &apos;s the way the soul works .
so it should be added from the outside to the people .
we should therefore perceive it as something that should necessarily be present for our lives .
and if you have that condition in mind , then you understand the logic with which we experience this happiness , through a lie to improve our world .
because now you can apply a sentence of three .
you still know triplets from school .
this is now a triad that describes a logic .
by the way , this is the hardest part in my presentation .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
namely to lie so that you can simply misuse this logic .
this sentence contains three sentences .
the first sentence reads , klaus claims that there is no soul .
the second sentence is that if he is right , then he has no soul .
now there is a third sentence .
i have highlighted it here .
a third sentence that immediately turns up in people who have a strong sense of a soul .
those who say that he has no soul are dead and can not assert anything .
and here they feel  &apos;; it &apos;s fine .
here is this logic expressed in this , yes , in this deceptive speech .
they see it immediately .
the first two sentences are logically correct .
i can assert everything .
the logic makes no statements about the reality .
i can say that the chancellor is a man .
and if i &apos;m right , then the chancellor is a man .
if i &apos;m not right , then the chancellor is not a man .
the logic does not say what is true .
i can assert everything .
but it is crucial , if i am right , then it applies .
so when klaus says there is no soul .
secondly , if he is right , then he has no soul .
these things are logically correct .
and now our deceptive consciousness immediately senses that you can make something out of it .
it attaches a third sentence , which has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and does so as if the opposite of the first sentence were already proved and presupposed .
because actually we would have to prove , if there is a soul or not .
but with this logic that simply uses two sentences to be logically correct , and adds a third that looks like it has something to do with it , we can save our life-lie .
well , we pretend that it is impossible to live without a soul .
and we are very happy about it .
we can continue these things with different examples .
in the present , for example , we have a very modern example that keeps filling the daily papers .
to do this , you must have another philosophical theme , a perennial philosophy .
this has to do with the fact that we go back to the fourteenth century .
there was a scholar named johannes buridanus and after that is named the buridan donkey .
the buridan donkey is a donkey made of pure nature .
he does not have that soul .
that is such a natural thing .
and if you place it exactly in the middle between two equal hay bays , then it starves .
because he does not know to which haystack he should go first .
so he is right in the middle .
that &apos;s how the natural things are presented .
equal powers with opposite signs of conflict dissolve each other .
nothing happens at all .
only if you then bring another example , that is , if you make a haystack bigger immediately , then he needs no reason and nothing at all .
automatically he runs to the right thought .
so if you have the idea that you are somehow driven in nature , determined by the larger clusters that attract you right away , then you also quickly feel that there has to be something like a free will .
and while we are already here in frankfurt am main , then i remember the max planck institute for brain research .
there is a scholar , that is wolf singer , and from him one sometimes says , wolf singer claims , there is no freedom of choice .
now we can form the second sentence again and can say that if wolf singer is right , then he has no free will .
these sentences are absolutely logical and correct .
and what we can read almost daily in the daily newspaper , you will find in this third sentence .
who looks like he who has no free will , can not be drawn for his actions and allegations to be held responsible and he is therefore incompetent .
they have it again , too .
actually , one would first have to prove whether there is such a thing as freedom of choice .
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence is wrong from the outset , as if , of course , one had to accept the opposite without any proof .
and now , if you yourself want to do something , if you want to test something yourself and , above all , if you want to make people happy , you can simply practice this courage to lie .
for example , if you meet a person whom you can then say , there are no predictors .
and please do not use the german word for predictor , that is prophet .
they may not call that , that would be a bit politically incorrect again .
say , there are no predictors .
immediately you will find out about someone who naturally has such predictors , you can not prove that .
and you already have a problem .
because while you are busy making it clear that you can not prove that there are no predictors , the man is quite happy .
he is very happy because he has deceived her .
because he led her to a track where he does not stop himself .
because actually this person is not interested in proving .
he is only interested in keeping himself free from the need to prove that there are predictors .
so , in the way of shifting the burden of proof , you experience the grandeur of the lie .
and once you have such a chance to feel this movement with other people , they will do it , because they will make others happy if they do not remind you of their self-lying .
thank you for your attention  .
yes , good day  .
i have allowed myself i asked lilly if i may mention her .
she is one of the organizers of this great event and has asked me if i want to give a speech here and share my ideas .
i have to say honestly , you got it , it was difficult at first to talk about my idea .
and maybe i would like to introduce my island project , that i try to introduce you .
but of course it is the sum of quite , very many ideas .
i probably belong , are the two nice girls still there , i probably belong to the generation that has provided for this bad eco image , because i have already begun nineteen seventy-nine studying mechanical engineering in karlsruhe , technical college , today it means , i believe kit .
and i have  &apos;; then in the middle of the eighties i moved to berlin because i wanted to do renewable energies and gave it up . s in karlsruhe not .
there was &apos;; s the nuclear research facility leopoldshafen .
at that time they were all kfa , also the jülich was called kfa .
the hot project sponsors today .
because a good engineer has built either great cars or nuclear power plants .
but something stupid like  &apos;; n solar pendulum , from which somehow a hundred watts come out of the square meter , that was a toy .
and in berlin there was a crazy engineering collective .
i am grateful to the premium kola-mensch that he rehabilitated the word again , because after the fall of the wall you could not use the word anymore because everything left was bad .
however , that was not the case in the eighties .
there it was just that there were self-managed alternative farms and one of them was just in kreuzberg im mehringhof , where they suspected the evil .
place of terrorism , but that was called wuseltronik and made wind and solar energy and i started there in the middle of the eighties .
and yes , much of what was said today touches me a lot , because there were many , many beautiful statements that i have also lived through .
i worked eleven years in the collective , that was grassroots democratic .
we were twenty people .
if one said no , that was the veto principle , that completely ruined one . i &apos;ve been wondering for ten years if i could really waste my great engineering studies on a moronic thing , because all of my dad &apos;s colleagues always talked him out , you threw the money out the window at your kid &apos;s .
it deals with nonsense .
and that was really very , very bitter and you come in so  &apos;; ne phase into it , just appeared a picture on hold , where i wondered after ten years , a thousand d-mark that were still then , basic wages , unit wage in the collective of course , whether that really should be the great .
and i have  &apos;; s then held up to ninety-six and then together with friends i co-founded the company solon , which together with the spin-off q-cells became one of the largest cell manufacturers in the world .
a huge success story , but of course we also have the problem of a growing company and then we have two thousand six , a small group , decided that we start small again and go back and dedicate ourselves to the next topic of the future and that means of my views and our view it &apos;s crazy again , it starts again with people saying , what &apos;s the nonsense , that &apos;s not possible , we &apos;re talking about saving .
and i brought you a project that i want to introduce to you now .
and the title of the lecture was , yes , how to get a hundred percent renewable .
and we have just started with a relatively simple-crazy story to ask , where could one use a memory sensibly today?
on this island , this is the island graciosa on the azores .
yes , that &apos;s the data .
there live four and a half thousand people .
today they have a renewable energy share of fifteen percent .
and the question is , why do not you have it anymore?
that simply is not technologically possible .
if you add more wind power to each other , the system will start to fail .
i always tell the politicians when they visit our plant in berlin-adlershof .
they always say , why?
we already have twenty percent in germany .
can not be a problem .
but that &apos;s not true , we have seven percent in europe and our network is physically the european one .
if we had twenty percent in europe , then we would already have the same problems that the people on this island have there .
the question was simple , expects that was two thousand , 2006 , the first contacts with the island started , let &apos;s just think .
how big would it really take to have a battery so that you could bring an island to twenty , thirty , forty , fifty , maybe even seventy percent renewable .
and yes , i &apos;ll go on a slide again .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
incidentally , about one hundred gigawatts of electric power are built on a diesel basis every year around the world .
that &apos;s equivalent to the output of a hundred nuclear power plants , because that &apos;s particularly fast everywhere .
the hunger for energy in the world that takes place is extinguished with diesel because there is no need for authorization .
going fast  .
you put it that way  &apos;; ne box down .
and then it usually looks like this .
three of the diesels are always in the lead , two are always being serviced .
yes , that &apos;s what the downstairs is just the last .
we also got very accurate data .
and the wind turbine or the solar system or whatever it is , is usually a back-up system or a system that can only feed in small quantities here .
our goal was to just say , okay,
the diesel becomes back-up and the wind and sun serve the load so that they can reproduce the larger share .
and if you want to go over twenty , thirty percent renewable energy , ie energy per year , not the power at the moment , then you have to turn off the diesel .
in other words , at the moment they have to ensure that the renewable energies can , as it were , take over the entire network .
of course , they can only do that if they are managed here in any way .
nobody in the world has done that yet .
which gives  &apos;; s in a small style , so you can also operate your shaver in the car via a small inverter .
people always ask me , what are you doing in adlershof?
that &apos;s alright .
but if you want to connect several of these inverters together and they are supposed to build a network , then that will be extremely complicated .
and our goal was just that , we wanted to get seventy to ninety percent renewable and then this rest , the last rest , the last ten , twenty percent renewable with , will become very , very expensive and that will not work , that makes it from batteries .
in any case , that will be an energy carrier , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas will know you or sh , that &apos;s what it will be .
you then have to go for a seasonal store and balance winter-summer and not just day-night .
we just wanted to know , what about a normal , normal electrochemical battery .
how far can you get there?
and then did a lot of simulations .
and have simulated wind and sun and load and came to the conclusion , a very exciting result that comes out at about forty-four cents compared to the conventional system , which requires a mean electricity price of about fifty cents per kilowatt hour after twenty years .
these were the very first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay,
is great , then we have a business model .
we are cheaper than the diesel system when the diesel price rises five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the insulans .
what should be done?
negotiated with investors , i looked for new shareholders .
we were only five people at that time to rebuild one around society .
and here again the presentation .
the brown is , so to speak , the conventional system , the green is our system .
that our system also has a price increase , is because we still do twenty percent with diesel and also not hit a price increase on the other things .
and the power utility , which the electricity company on the island , meant , we think that &apos;s great .
we also want to support , but we do not believe you , that you can solve the technical problem .
and that &apos;s why we decided to build a hall in berlin , in which we can , so to speak , map the electrical conditions of the island on a scale of one to three .
that is , we then first sought to find the largest battery in the world .
here she is  .
it comes naturally from asia , in that case from japan .
and funnily , it was developed in the seventies by bbc mannheim , today abb , and was then outlicensed to the japanese .
you can see it is a very , very big battery .
it has one megawatt of power and can deliver that power for six hours , and that &apos;s the battery we got out of the simulation , so to speak .
and then set them up .
we also put one of these diesel units in the same size as it stands in the hall , in order to actually have the complete dynamic behavior of this network , so in the hall it now looks like that , there &apos;s the diesel , here there is the big battery , here are the whole converters , with which we simulate the net .
over here , we simulate the entire transmission line system , the kilometer physics of the cables , so to speak , to map the vibration behavior in the network .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also connect two hundred kilowatts of photovoltaic to the grid .
here we see it again here we see again the diesel , here again the whole , individual gensets .
and what we did , since the age of two thousand , the hall was finished , until today , two thousand and twelve , almost everything that was developed here between the individual system of electronics and software , we have done .
so we are not battery manufacturers , but we define ourselves as a company that is only between the subject battery and the subject of network and everything in between .
of course you have to communicate to the battery , you also have to be able to communicate to the net , and that is very complicated .
the nice thing about the theme that you can basically take on this island today is anticipating all the problems that we will get if we want to increase our share of renewable .
so this whole discussion , how is moving back and forth , energy turn , how to do that , on the island , for example , we have for twenty-five to thirty percent excess energy , so we have to adjust the wind and the sun .
naturally , smart-grid is the ideal solution .
so smart-grid , a huge topic everywhere .
we can start to integrate electromobility on the island , ask around , can we manage the load .
that is , if you &apos;re at seventy percent renewable , then you will not be able to do that without memory .
one can by  &apos;; n smart-grid , one can by expanding the networks , yes , which one should do in any case , the share hear , but you will never be able to do without memory completely .
and that is so  &apos;; a little bit the message .
that &apos;s why many people come and look at it , just because you can see what problems you get .
if we switch off the diesel , then you just do not have this rotating mass , which causes a certain inertia in the network .
and our european network of networks basically consists only of rotating masses of large power plants , where the waves are always the same all over europe .
we look into this net , see the fifty-hertz , and when it &apos;s nine-fifty nine , we start opening a few valves , then a little more steam goes in , then we come up again .
that &apos;s the system .
and of course that is incredibly sluggish .
if they tear that down somewhere , then it takes &apos;; s &apos;; a while .
the spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the grid stable .
and in time they can react differently again .
if you no longer have this rotating mass , then you have to replace it with power electronics and electrochemistry .
and we can switch it out with this big battery two milliseconds once .
there you can already see what enormous speed options there are .
and the message now is , we have to give up those rotating masses if we sort of set our goals twenty , twenty , twenty percent , twenty , thirty , thirty percent and so on , if we ever want to achieve that
then we have to reduce our must-run capacity in the network .
must-run simply means that the power plant runs along to keep the frequency .
yes , that &apos;s a huge debate at the moment , coal mining power plants , because we have no , or gas turbines , because that &apos;s not possible .
and we just try to make it clear that you can reduce the capacity , the must-run capacities , by also bringing electrochemical storage into the grid .
fortunately , there are now a lot of studies .
and for this purpose , people always come and look at our test stand on the , virtually our island stand .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can you anticipate a piece of the future .
and many of the discussions that i have had over the past six years have been similar to the discussion i have had on photovoltaics over the last thirty years .
is not , is nonsense , kindergame , we have everything expected , never reckons .
today , we have thirty gigawatts of photovoltaics in germany .
that is exemplary .
and i &apos;m just assuming that over the next thirty years , we &apos;ll have the same capacity for electrochemical storage around the world .
quite simply , it will come .
there will be a lot of resistance and quarrels .
the nice thing is that i have almost experienced in the last two years that the scientists are on my side .
we have now received more than ten million promotional projects , including  &apos;; ne ten-megawatt battery now to the german network to clamp .
this will take place next april .
so from there you also notice that there is a change and only from this defensive attitude to yes , to the idea , a hundred percent renewable yes .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , then that &apos;s like a self-sufficient system .
so far , discussions are always trying to make these insulans who are self-sufficient , who have their own small network , which has nothing to do with our association .
the question is quite simple , if you are completely independent of any fossil or uranium energy carriers that are being drilled out somewhere in the world and brought to you , then you are an island .
then they only use what is left of the sun and wind , where they live .
and that &apos;s kind of our vision of a reasonable energy supply and i &apos;m also grateful to cradle-to-cradle for using solar energy .
and that is what we do , and in that sense , as well as the lecture of premium kola , that one can again be a collective and use solar energy , come here a little bit together .
and yes , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a bit crazy and also have a vision .
and you really have to stick with it pretty tough , but i think that &apos;s possible .
many thanks  .
when steve lopez , los angeles times columnist , one day walked the streets in the center of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , an african-american , sympathetic , rough , homeless , who played on a violin that had only two strings left .
many of them will know the story , because steve &apos;s article later became a book that was filmed , with robert downey junior as steve lopez and jamie foxx as nathaniel anthony ayers , the contrabassist , who studied at the juilliard conservatory and its promising tragically ended early by his paranoid schizophrenia .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later he was homeless on the streets of skid row in the center of los angeles .
i recommend you all to read steve &apos;s book or to watch the movie , so that you not only understand the wonderful bond that has developed between these two men , but also how the music helped to make this connection and how it was ultimately the instrument . if this pun is allowed , helping to get nathaniel off the street .
i met mr ayers in 2008 , two years ago , in the walt disney concert hall .
he had just heard a performance of beethoven &apos;s first and fourth symphony and came backstage to introduce himself to me .
he spoke in a very cheerful and sociable tone about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton and about how the dodgers would never make it into the baseball world series . and all because of the treacherous passage of the first violin in the last movement of beethoven &apos;s fourth symphony .
we came to the topic of music . and a few days later i got an e-mail stating that nathaniel was interested in violin lessons for me .
i must also mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with electric shocks and with thorazin and handcuffs , a trauma that has persecuted him all his life .
as a result , he is now particularly vulnerable to these schizophrenic phases . sometimes they are so bad and he disappears for days , wandering the streets of skid row , always exposed to the horror and torture of his own mind .
and that &apos;s how nathaniel was when we started our first lesson in the walt disney concert hall . he had this mad flickering in his eyes and seemed completely lost .
he talked about invisible demons and smokes and about how someone wanted to poison him in his sleep .
i was scared , not because of me , but i was afraid that i might lose him , that he might sink into one of his states , and that i could destroy his relationship with the violin when i began , via scales and arpeggios and other exciting forms didactic violin pedagogy .
so i just started to play .
i played the first movement of beethoven &apos;s violin concerto .
and as i played , it struck me that there was a complete change in nathaniel &apos;s eyes .
it was as if he were under the influence of an invisible medicine , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
nathaniel &apos;s manic wrath turned into understanding , into a quiet curiosity and grace .
and , as if by a miracle , he took his violin and began to play some excerpts of violin concertos and then asked me to play them to the end: mendelssohn , tchaikovsky , sibelius .
we then began to talk about music , from bach to beethoven , brahms , bruckner and all the other b &apos;s , from bartok to esa-pekka salonen .
and i realized that not only did he have an encyclopedic knowledge of music , but he also had a close personal relationship with it .
he spoke of her with a passion and an understanding that i otherwise only know from my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music , this paranoid , confused man , who had just passed the streets of los angeles , had become a lovable , educated , excellent musician trained in juilliard .
music is medicine . music changes us .
for nathaniel , music means spiritual health .
because the music allows him to transform his thoughts and delusions into something real with the help of his imagination and creativity .
and so he escapes his tormenting states .
i understood that this is the essence of art .
that &apos;s why we make music: to make something that is deep inside all of us , our emotions , through our artistic lens , through our creativity into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches us all , and moves , inspires and unites us .
as far as nathaniel was concerned , the music brought him back into a community of friends .
the redeeming power of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who recognized his talent and respected him .
and i will play with nathaniel again and again , whether in the walt disney concert hall or skid row , because it reminds me why i have become a musician .
many thanks  .
bruno giussani: thank you . thank you  .
robert gupta .
robert gupta: i want to play something that i brazenly stole the cellist .
i hope , you forgive me  .
so i knew many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a nice fish , tasty , good consistency , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , it was bred in aquaculture according to the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty for several months .
one day , the boss called the company and asked if i could speak at an event about the sustainability of the farm .
 &quot; naturally  &quot;  , i said  .
here was a company trying to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our cooks . how do we keep fish on our menu?
in the last 50 years we have fished the seas as we have beaten forests bald .
it &apos;s hard to overstate the destruction .
90 percent of the big fish we love , the tunas , the halibut , the salmon , the swordfish , they have collapsed .
there is almost nothing left .
so aquaculture , fish farming , will be part of our future .
many arguments against it . fish farms pollute the environment , most of them anyway , and they are inefficient , we take tuna . a great disadvantage  .
he has a feed conversion of 15 to one .
that is , 15 pounds of wild fish are needed to get a pound of farmed tuna .
not very sustainable .
it does not taste very good either .
so here was finally a company that was trying to get it right .
i wanted to support her .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let &apos;s call him don .
&quot; don &quot; i said , &quot; just to get the facts right , you &apos;re famous for growing so far out in the sea that you do not pollute the environment . &quot;
 &quot; that &apos;s true  &quot;  , he said  . &quot; we are so far out that the waste from our fish is distributed , not concentrated . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; we are basically a separate world .
this feed conversion from 2.5 to 1 &quot;  , he said .
&quot; the best in the industry . &quot;
2.5 to one , great .
2.5 to one what? what are you feeding? &quot; 
&quot; sustainable proteins &quot;  , he said  .
 &quot; great  &quot;  , i said  . hung up  .
and that night i was in bed thinking , what the hell is a sustainable protein?
so i called the next day , just before the event , don .
i said , &quot; don , what are sustainable proteins , for example? &quot;
he said he did not know that . he will ask .
well , i phoned a few people in the company . nobody could give me a proper answer . until i finally phoned the senior biologist .
let &apos;s call him too .
&quot; don &quot; i said , &quot; what , for example , are sustainable proteins? &quot;
well , he mentioned some algae and some fishmeal , and then he said , chicken pellets .
i said , &quot; chicken pellets?&quot; 
he said: &quot; yes , feathers , skin , bone meal , leftovers , dried and processed into forage . &quot;
i said , &quot; what percentage of your food is chicken? &quot;  .
in the assumption of maybe two percent .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent &quot;  , he said  .
i said , &quot; don , what is sustainable about feeding chicken to fish? &quot;
there was a long break in the line and he said , &quot; there are just too many chicken in the world . &quot;
i fell away from this fish .
no , not because i am a self-righteous and good-natured .
i am even .
no , i have not really deprived myself of this fish , because , i swear by god , that the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish , that &apos;s another kind of love story .
it &apos;s the romantic way , the way you , the better you get to know your fish , the more you love the fish .
i first ate it in a restaurant in southern spain .
a friend of journalists had talked about this fish for a long time .
she has somehow verkuppelt us .
he came to the table with a bright , almost shimmering white color .
the cook had overcooked him .
just twice .
amazingly , he was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after being overcooked?
i can not , but this guy can .
let &apos;s call him miguel . in fact he is called miguel .
and no , he did not cook the fish and he is not a cook . at least in the way she and i understand it .
he is a biologist at veta la palma .
this is a fish farm in the southwestern corner of spain .
it is near the mouth of the river guadalquivir .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of argentineans .
they raised beef cattle on what were basically wetlands .
they did that by draining the land .
they built this complicated series of channels and they pushed water out of the country and out into the river .
well , they could not make it work , not economically .
and ecologically it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 percent of the birds , which many birds are for this place .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company with environmental awareness bought the land .
what have you done ?
they have reversed the flow of water .
they literally broke the lever .
instead of expelling the water , they used the channels to recapture the water .
they flooded the canals .
they created 11,000 hectares of fish rearing - perch , mullet , shrimp , eel - and miguel and his company have completely reversed the ecological destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , they have never seen anything like it .
they stare out at the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all they see are flooded canals and this dense , lush march .
i was there with miguel not too long ago .
he is an incredible guy , three parts of charles darwin and a part  &quot; a crocodile to kiss &quot; ,
okay? there we were and fought our way through the wetlands and i gasp and sweat , i &apos;m squirming to my knees , and miguel holds a biology lecture in peace .
here he emphasizes a rare glide .
now he mentions the mineral needs of phytoplankton .
and here , here he sees a pattern of bundles that reminds him of the tanzanian giraffe .
it turns out that miguel spent most of his career in the mikumi national park in africa .
i asked him how he became such a fish expert .
he said: &quot; fish? i do not know anything about fish .
i am an expert in relationships .  &quot;
and then he goes and plunges into more talk about rare birds and algae and strange aquatic plants .
and do not get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the biotic community unplugged , that kind of way .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
and my head became weak over this overgrown piece of delicious fish that i had the night before .
so i interrupted him . i said , &quot; miguel , how is it that your fish tastes so good? &quot;
he pointed to the algae .
&quot; i know , boy , the algae , the phytoplankton , the relationships , that &apos;s incredible .
but what do your fish eat?
how is the feed conversion?  &quot;
well , he goes on to tell me that it is such a rich system that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .
the vegetable biomass , the phytoplankton , the zooplankton , that is what feeds the fish .
the system is so healthy , it is completely self-renewing .
there is no food .
ever heard of a farm that does not feed their animals?
later in the day , i rode around with miguel on this property and i asked him , i said , &quot; for a place that seems so natural &quot; unlike any farm i &apos;ve ever been to , &quot; how do you measure success? &quot;
at the moment it was as if a film director had demanded a stage change .
and we turned the corner and saw the most incredible sight , thousands upon thousands of pink flamingos , a literally pink carpet as far as the eye can see .
&quot; that is success &quot;  , he said  .
&quot; look at her bellies , pink .
they feast .  &quot;
feast? i was completely confused .
i said , &quot; miguel , do not you feast your fish?&quot; 
 &quot; yes  &quot;  , he said  .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and fish eggs to the birds .
well , last year on this site were 600,000 birds , more than 250 different species .
today it has become the largest and one of the most important private bird reserves in europe .
i said , &quot; miguel , is not a thriving bird population the last thing you want on a fish farm? &quot;
he shook his head , no .
he said: &quot; we are building extensively , not intensively .
this is an ecological network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimps eat the phytoplankton .
the pinker so the better the system .  &quot;
okay , let us think it over . a farm that does not feed its animals and a farm that measures its success on the health of its predators .
a fish rearing , but also a bird reserve .
oh , and incidentally , these flamingos should not even be there from the start .
they breed in a city 240 kilometers away , where the soil conditions are better for the nest building .
every morning you fly 240 kilometers to the farm .
and every evening they fly 240 kilometers back .
they do this because they can follow the dashed white line of highway a92 .
seriously  .
i had imagined a kind of journey of the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said: &quot; miguel , do you fly 240 kilometers to the farm and then fly 240 kilometers back in the evening?
do you do that for the children?  &quot;
he looked at me as if i had just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said: &quot; no , they do that because eating is better . &quot;
i did not mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious , and i do not like fish skin . i do not like sautéing her . i do not like it crispy .
it &apos;s that biting , charred taste .
i almost never cook with it .
and yet , when i tried her in this restaurant in southern spain , she did not really like fish skin at all .
she tasted sweet and pure , as if taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , &quot; the skin looks like a sponge .
she is the last defense before anything enters the body .
it evolved in the course of evolution to absorb impurities .  &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but our water has no impurities . &quot;
okay . a farm that does not feed your fish . a farm that measures its success in the success of its predators .
and then i realized when he says a farm that has no impurities , it is a huge understatement , because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river guadalquivir .
it is a river that carries with it all the things rivers nowadays tend to carry with them , chemical pollutants , pesticide effluent .
and once it has fought through the system and leaves it , the water is cleaner than when it came in .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
not just a farm that does not feed your animals , not just a farm that measures its success on the health of its predators , but a farm that is literally a water treatment plant , and not just for those fish , but for you as well and me  .
because when the water flows out , it sinks into the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;ll take it , and you should , because that love story , however romantic , is also enlightening .
it could be said that it is a recipe for the future of good food , whether we are talking about bass or cattle .
what we need now is a radically new concept of agriculture , one in which food really tastes good .
but for a lot of people this is a bit too radical .
we are not realists , we enjoy . we are lovers .
we love weekly markets . we love small family businesses . we talk about regional foods . we eat organic .
and if you say these are the things that assure the future of good food , someone stands up somewhere and says , &quot; hey people , i love pink flamingos , but how are you going to feed the world?
how will you feed the world?  &quot;
may i be honest ?
i do not like this question .
no , not because we already produce enough calories to feed more than just the world .
a billion people will starve today .
a billion - more than ever before - due to gross inequalities in distribution , not total production .
well , i do not like this question because it has determined the logic of our food system for the last 50 years .
feed crops to herbivores , pesticides to monocultures , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and all the while the agribusiness has simply asked , &quot; if we feed more people cheaper , how dreadful can that be? &quot;
that was the motivation . it was the justification . it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should name her , what she is , a business in progress , a business that quickly eats up ecological capital that makes this production possible .
this is not a trade and it is not agriculture .
our grain chamber is threatened today , not because of decreasing supply , but because of diminishing resources,
not by the latest combines and tractor inventions , but by fertile land , not by pumping , but by fresh water , not by chainsaws , but by forests , and not by fishing boats and nets , but by fish in the sea .
you want to feed the world?
let &apos;s start with the question: how will we feed ourselves?
or better , how can we create conditions that enable every community to feed themselves?
to do that , do not look at the agricultural industry model for the future .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .
capital , chemistry , and machinery are in the lead , and it never produced anything really good for food .
let &apos;s look at the ecological model instead .
this is the one that draws on two billion years of work experience .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel,
plants that are not worlds apart , plants that restore rather than use up , plants that grow extensively rather than just intensive , farmers who are not just producers , but experts in relationships,
because they are the ones who are also experts for taste .
and if i &apos;m honest , you &apos;re a better cook than i &apos;ll ever be .
you know , that &apos;s fine with me , because if that is the future of good food , it will be delicious .
thank you  .
if i want to tell you a lesson today it is that the totality of the data we consume is greater than the sum of their parts and instead of thinking of information overload , i would like you to think about how we can use information in such a way that patterns emerge and we recognize trends that otherwise would not have become visible .
so what we see here is a typical starboard chart arranged by age .
the program i &apos;m using here is a little experiment .
it &apos;s called pivot and what i can do with pivot is that i can filter for a certain cause of death , say accidents .
and immediately i see another pattern that results .
and that &apos;s because people are the most active in the mid-range and they are most frail over here .
we can go one step further and then rearrange the data and see that circulatory and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
now if we go on and sort by age , say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the main cause that people should worry about .
and whoever continues to research that this is especially true for men .
so you realize that looking at information and data in this way is very reminiscent of swimming in a lively informational graphic .
and if we can do this for raw data why not for content itself?
what we have here are the cover pictures of each one &quot; sports illustrated &quot; that were ever printed .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .
you can test it in my rooms after my presentation .
with pivot you can immerse yourself in a decade .
you can immerse yourself in a specific year .
you can jump directly to a specific issue .
when i look here , i see the athletes appearing in this issue and the sports .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong fan , so i &apos;ll click here to see all the issues mentioning lance armstrong .
now , if i just want to get a gröher overview , i could think &quot; ok , what if i look at everything with the topic of cycling? &quot;
so i take a step back and expand the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and so you get an idea that when you search information in this way , more targeted , wider , zoom in , zoom out , then you do not search or just surf .
you do something that is actually a little different .
there is something in between and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i would like to continue this idea a little bit with what is a bit crazy .
what we did here is , we took every single wikipedia page and reduced it to a small summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area from which it comes .
i &apos;ll show just the top 500 of the most popular wikipediaseiten .
but even in this limited view we can do a lot of things .
immediately we get an impression of the topics most popular on wikipedia .
i will now discuss the topic  &apos;; government  &apos;; choose  .
now , after i  &apos;; government  &apos;; i recognize that the wikipedia categories that most closely coincide with the time magazine &quot; people of the year &quot; are  .
this is really important as it is an insight that is not in a single wikipedia page .
this is only recognizable when you go back a step and look at the whole .
looking at a particular of these summaries , i can then turn into the theme of time magazines &quot; people of the year &quot; go in and see everyone together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government officials . some come from science . some , even less , come from the economy . here is my boss . and one comes from the music department .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted prize winner .
so we can now jump and take a look at all ted prize winners .
you see , we are surfing the net for the first time as if it really is a net , not just from page to page , but much more abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i just show them the new york times website here .
pivot , this application - i do not want to call it a browser; it really is not a browser , but you can view web pages with it - and we bring this zoom technology to every single web page like this one .
so i can go back a step , and jump directly to a specific section .
this is important because only by looking at web pages in this way , you can look at the whole internet history in the same way .
so i can zoom in on my history within a certain timeframe .
here is the state of the entire demonstration that i have held to this point .
and i can , so to speak , bring back everything that i have looked at today .
and , if i go out again and look at everything , i can rearrange my course , perhaps after my search-past . here , i have to  &apos;; nepotistic  &apos;; wanted , here after bing , or here after live labs pivot .
and from here i can go into the page and call it back .
it is a metaphor that is used over and over again , and each time it makes the whole image larger than the sum of the pieces of data .
for now , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we talk about the curse of information overload .
we are talking about &quot; drowning in information &quot; ,
what if we could turn this situation around and turn the internet upside down so that instead of going from one to the other , we can start going from many things to many things , thereby identifying patterns that otherwise would have remained hidden?
if we can do this , then this data trap will be , perhaps a new source of meaningful information .
and , instead of just moving in information , we can get to know it .
and if we know , then maybe we can even draw some wisdom from it .
i stop that , thank you very much .
i grew up with a good portion of science fiction .
during my school days , i took the bus to school , one hour per route every day .
and my nose was always in a book , a science-fiction book , that kidnapped my thoughts into other worlds and narrated my deep-seated , insatiable curiosity in a narrative way .
this curiosity was also reflected in the fact that whenever i was out of school i used to walk , wander and &quot; rehearse&quot;  through the forests; collected , frogs and snakes and beetles and pond water , brought everything home and looked at it under the microscope .
i was totally enthusiastic about science , you know .
it was always about the attempt to understand the world and explore the limits of the possible .
and my love of science fiction seemed to be reflected in my environment , because back in the late  &apos;60s , we flew to the moon and explored the deep sea .
jacques cousteau came to our living room with its fascinating programs that showed us animals and places and a world full of wonders that we had never imagined before .
that probably went very well with the science-fiction-role .
and i was an artist .
i could draw . i could paint .
and since there were no video games nor this oversaturation of computer-generated films nor the whole visual language in the media landscape , i had to create the images in my head .
we all had to do that at the time . when we as children read a book , we took the author &apos;s description and projected it on the screen in our heads .
my reaction was to draw and paint extraterrestrial , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all that .
in math lessons i was constantly caught by the teacher , as i , hiding behind the textbook , painted around .
the creativity had to get out somehow .
and something interesting happened . what fascinated me about jacques cousteaus broadcasts was the thought of a completely unknown world here on our earth itself .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a spaceship . that seemed pretty unlikely to me .
but here was a world that i could actually enter , here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as anything i had ever imagined when i read these books .
so , when i was 15 , i decided to become a diver .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada , 1 000 km from the nearest ocean .
but i did not let that discourage me .
i annoyed my father until he finally found a diving school in buffalo , new york , just across the border where we lived .
i made my diving license in a pool of the ymca in the middle of winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , came to my face only two years later when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i spent about 3,000 hours under water . 500 hours of it in diving boats .
and i &apos;ve learned that the world of the deep sea , even in the shallower oceans , is as rich in fascinating life as we can barely imagine .
nature &apos;s imagination knows no boundaries , unlike our own pitiful human imagination .
to this day , i feel the deepest awe for what i see on my dives .
and my love for the ocean continues , with the same intensity as ever .
when i chose a job as an adult , it was filmmaking .
that seemed the best way to tell my inner urge to tell stories , with my need to create and unite images .
as a kid , i kept drawing comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to bring pictures and stories together . that matched .
of course , the stories i picked out were from the science fiction section: &quot; terminator &quot;  , &quot; aliens &quot;  , and  &quot; abyss &quot; ,
at  &quot; abyss &quot; i was able to combine my love for the underwater world and diving with filmmaking .
so almost my two passions intertwined .
something interesting happened with  &quot; abyss &quot; : in order to solve a narrative problem in this film - and we had to create such a kind of liquid water creature - we resorted to computer generated animation , cg .
what came out of it was the first computer-generated soft-surface figure ever seen in a movie .
although the film did not bring in any money , in fact , it was just recording its production costs , but i noticed something intriguing: audiences all over the world were mesmerized by the magic that came from it .
according to arthur clarke  &apos;; it is a well-known fact that it is no longer possible to distinguish advanced technology and magic from one another .
so they saw something magical .
and i found that incredibly exciting .
and i thought to myself: &quot; wow , that must necessarily be included in the film art . &quot;
so we went in &quot; terminator 2 &quot;  , my next film , much further .
together with ilm we created the types of liquid metal there . the success depended entirely on how this effect would arrive .
and it worked  . again we had created something magical . and the effect in the audience was the same . however , we have already recorded a bit more money with the film .
starting from these two experiences , a whole new world has been reached , a whole new world of creativity for filmmakers .
so i started a company together with my good friend stan winston , who was the best make-up and creature designer at that time . it was called  &quot; digital domain &quot; ,
the basic idea of ​​this company was to skip the phase of analogue processes with optical printers etc . and to start with digital productions right away .
we did that as well and gained a competitive advantage for a while .
but in the middle of the nineties we realized that we were moving too slowly in the creature and character design - for which we had actually founded the company .
i had this piece &quot; avatar &quot; written to raise the bar to new heights in terms of visual effects and computer-generated effects , with realistic human expressive characters created using cg . and the main characters should all be cg . and the world should be cg .
but the bar pushed back pretty well . and the people in my company told me that for the time being we are not able to do that .
so i moved that and made this other movie about the big ship going down .
i think of the filmstudio as  &quot; romeo and julia on a ship &quot; sold . it became a love movie of epic proportions , a passionate film .
secretly , however , i really wanted to dive down to the real wreck of the titanic .
that &apos;s why i made the film .
that &apos;s the truth  . the studio did not know that .
but i convinced them by saying , &quot; we dive to the wreck , we film the real wreck .
we will show it in the opening sequence of the film .
that is very important . it is a good hanger for marketing .  &quot;
and i persuaded her to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy . but that goes back to the fact that your own imagination can create a reality .
in fact , six months later , we created a reality in which i found myself in a russian dive boat , four kilometers below the surface of the north atlantic , and watched the real titanic through a bullseye .
that was not a movie , no hd , that was real .
well , that really blew me away .
and the preparations were enormous . we had to build cameras and headlights and everything .
and i noticed how much these deep-sea dives resembled a space mission .
well , they were also highly technical and required extensive planning .
you climb into this capsule , then you float down into this dark , hostile environment , where there is no hope of salvation unless you can do it yourself .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s just like being in a science fiction movie .
that is really cool  .  &quot;
i was obsessed with exploring the deep sea .
in any case , of the part that has to do with curiosity and science . it was all  . it was adventure , it was curiosity . it was imagination .
and it was an experience hollywood could not give me .
because , you know , i could imagine a being for which we could then create a visual effect . but i could not imagine what i would see outside the window .
on some of the following expeditions , i have seen beings in thermal springs , and sometimes things i &apos;ve never seen before , sometimes things that no one had ever seen before , and science at the time we saw them no words found .
that really upset me , and i wanted more .
and so i made a somewhat unusual decision .
after the success of  &quot; titanic &quot; i said to myself , &quot; alright , i want to put my full-time job as a filmmaker in hollywood on ice and become a full-time researcher for a while . &quot;
and then we started , we dived to &quot; bismarck &quot;  , and explored them with robotic vehicles .
we returned to the wreck of the titanic .
we took small robots that we had built , which unfolded a fiberglass cable .
our intention was to dive in and look at the interior of the ship , which had never been done before .
nobody had ever explored the interior of the wreck . one had no means for it . so we developed the necessary technology .
now and then , sitting on the deck of the titanic , in a dive boat , i see planks that are quite similar to those boards here , and that i know once the band played there .
and i fly with a small robot vehicle through the corridors of the ship .
i only use it , but my consciousness is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present within the shipwreck of the titanic .
that was the most surreal form of déjà-vu i have ever experienced . because before i turned around each corner , i always knew what would appear in the same light cone of the vehicle , since i had run over the film set for months , when we turned the film .
the set was an exact copy of the ship &apos;s blueprints .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me realize this telepresence experience that you can use such robotic avatars and so shift your own consciousness into the vehicle , into this other form of existence .
it really was profoundly profound
and maybe even a small outlook on what might happen in a few decades , if you have cyborg bodies to do research or do other things , in all the possible post-human future scenarios that i think of as science-fiction fan can introduce .
after these expeditions , we really began to appreciate what we saw down there , such as those deep-sea springs where we saw these incredibly baffling animals . these are quasi alien , but here on earth .
they live with the help of chemosynthesis .
they do not exist in a sunlight-based system as we do that .
and so you see animals that are next to a 500 degrees celsius hot that they can survive there .
at the same time i was also very interested in space science , that was again the science fiction influence of my childhood .
and so i ended up with the people who are interested in space and who are dealing with nasa and sitting in the nasa council of experts and planning real space missions . you go to russia , go through the biomedical protocol before the mission , including all the trimmings , then fly to the international space station and take our 3d camera systems with you .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it came down to me taking space scientists with us into the deep sea .
i took them with me and gave them access to the world below: astrobiologists , planet scientists , people who were interested in such extreme situations . i took them to the springs so they could look around , sample and test instruments , and so on .
we made documentary films , but we actually did science , more precisely: space science .
so the circle between my existence as a science fiction fan , then as a child , and the implementation into the reality closed .
in the course of this expedition , i learned a lot .
i learned a lot about science . but now i think you certainly , a director must also be able to lead a leader like a ship &apos;s captain or something .
but i did not understand much of leadership before i started these expeditions .
because at one point i had to tell myself: &quot; what am i doing here?
why do i do that? what happens?  &quot;
these stupid movies do not bring us any money .
we &apos;re just recording the production costs . no trace of fame .
everyone thinks i am between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar &quot; ran away and nailed my nails on a towel on the beach somewhere .
i have made all these films , these documentary films , for a very small audience .
no fame , no honor , no money . what are you doing ?
you do it for the sake of the task , for the sake of challenge - and the ocean is the most challenging environment there is . you make it because of the explorer noise , and because of the strange connection that arises when a small group of people forms a team .
because we did all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked together for years without interruption . sometimes we were at sea for 2 to 3 months in a row .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have for one another , because you have mastered a task that you can not explain to anyone else .
when one returns to land and says , &quot; we had to do it , the fiberglass , the sound attenuation , and all around it , all the engineering , and the difficulties , the human capacity to work at sea &quot;  , then you just can not explain the other one . it &apos;s like policemen or soldiers who have gone through something together and know that they can never explain it to anyone .
there arises a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to my next movie &quot; avatar &quot; i tried to use the same style of leadership , that of respecting your team and respecting it in return .
that really changed the dynamics .
so there i was again with a small team on unknown terrain . we turned &quot; avatar &quot; with a new technology that did not exist before .
tremendously exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a family for four and a half years .
this changed my way of making films completely .
there were people who thought we had mimicked these ocean creatures really well and transported them to the planet pandora .
for me it was more of a principled way to do my job , the actual process that has changed in the result .
so what can we conclude from all this?
which lessons have we learned?
i believe that curiosity is the top priority .
it is the most powerful human property .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than any laurel in the world .
come to me young filmmakers who say , &quot; give me some advice on how to do this . &quot;
and i say , &quot; do not limit yourself .
others will do that for you . do not do it yourself , do not bet against yourself . but take risks on you .  &quot;
nasa has such a favorite phrase: &quot; failure is not an alternative . &quot;
but in art and in exploration , failure has to be an alternative , because it guarantees a leap of faith there .
no major innovation-demanding venture was ever undertaken without risk .
you have to be prepared to take on such risks .
that &apos;s the thought i &apos;d like to give you on the way . failure is quite an alternative , but fear is not . thank you  .
today i talk to you about energy and climate .
and that may be surprising given that my full-time employment at the foundation is mainly about vaccines and seeds , about the things we need to invent and deliver to enable the poorest 2 billion people to live a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , in fact even more important than anyone else on the planet .
climate deterioration means that their crops will not grow over many years . we rain too much or too little . things will change as their fragile environment can not stand .
that leads to hunger dying . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to unrest .
so , a climate change will be terrible for them .
in addition , the energy price is very important to them .
the fact is that if you could only reduce the price by one thing , reducing energy would be by far the most effective way of reducing poverty .
well , the energy price has fallen over time .
in fact , the progressive society is based on energy advances .
the coal revolution drove the industrial revolution and even in the 20th century there was a rapid fall in the price of electricity and that &apos;s why we have refrigerators , air conditioners , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
so we are in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but , if we reduce the price - let &apos;s cut the price in half - we hit a new barrier and this barrier is related to co2 .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
they add up the expelled co2 , which leads to the temperature increase and this temperature increase has some very negative consequences . effects on the weather and perhaps worse , the indirect consequence that natural ecosystems can not adapt to such rapid changes and thus complete systems collapse .
well , the exact connection between a co2 increase and the resulting temperature change and where their further consequences are , there are some ambiguities , but not very many .
and there is no doubt how bad these consequences will be . but they will be extremely bad!
i &apos;ve asked the top scientists several times: &quot; do we really have to come down to near zero?
is not enough half or a quarter?  &quot;
the answer is: until we come close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s a big challenge .
it is very different from saying that we have a 3.5 m high truck that has to come under a 3 m bridge . you can squeeze it almost under it .
this one has to go all the way down to zero .
well , every year we emit a lot of carbon dioxide , over 26 billion tons .
each american about 20 tons . people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , there are about 5 tons for everyone on the planet .
and somehow we have to bring about changes that bring it down to zero .
it has been rising constantly .
only different economic changes have influenced it at all and we have to go from a rapid increase to a reduction and a reduction to zero .
this equation has four factors . a bit multiplication . you have this thing left - co2 - that you want to bring to zero and that will depend on the number of people , the services that each person uses on average , the average energy for each service and the co2 emitted per unit of energy becomes  .
so let &apos;s take a look at each factor and think about how to get it to zero .
probably one of these numbers must come very close to zero .
well that &apos;s basic algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .
first , we have the population .
6.8 billion people live today,
and it &apos;s going up to 9 billion . to move to 9 billion .
if we are very successful with new vaccines , health care and reproductive medicine , we could probably reduce this by 10% to 15% , but at present we see a gradient of 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that includes everything , the food we eat , clothes , television , heating .
these are very good things and poverty reduction means making these services available to almost anyone on the planet .
it &apos;s great that this number is increasing .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we could probably cut corners and use less , but on average , this number will increase each year , more than doubling in total , the number of services provided per person .
here we see a very basic service . is there light at home so you can read the homework?
and these students do not have it , so they go out and read their homework under the street light .
now , with e , the energy pro service , there is finally good news .
we have something that does not rise,
due to various successes in the lighting sector , by other types of cars , by new methods in building , there are many services whose energy expenditure can be reduced by some 90% .
in other services , such as the production of fertilizers , 105 00: 05: 56,000 - & amp; gt; 00: 05: 58,000 or aviation or air traffic , the travel for improvements is much smaller .
overall , if we are optimistic , we may get a reduction of a factor of 3 or maybe even a factor of 6 .
but in the first three factors , we have now gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion . and that &apos;s just not enough!
so let &apos;s look at the fourth factor - and this will be a key factor - that &apos;s the amount of co2 emitted per unit of energy .
it begs the question , if you can get it to zero .
if you burn coal: no .
if you burn natural gas: no .
almost every method of producing electricity today emits co2 , except for renewable energy and nuclear energy .
so what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .
we need energy wonder .
if i now understand the term &quot; miracle &quot; i do not mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the pc is a miracle .
the internet and its services is a miracle .
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these wonders .
usually there is no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
normally , one stands almost just off and some come , others not .
but in this case we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in a very short time .
well , i wondered , how can i really get that over?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that kindles people &apos;s imagination?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitos and somehow people liked that .
the idea really became tangible for you , you know , there are people who live with moskitos .
for energy this occurred to me .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my year &apos;s contributor to the environment here .
so here are a few natural fireflies .
i am assured that they will not bite . in fact you will not even leave the glass .
well , there are all sorts of gameplay solutions like these , but they do not bring much .
we need solutions , either one or more , that have unimaginable scalability and unimaginable reliability . and although there are many directions people are looking for , i really only see five who can meet those big demands .
i &apos;ve skipped tides , geothermal , fusion and biofuels .
they may make a modest contribution , and if they do better than i expect , that would be great , but my core message here is that we have to work on all those five , and we can not give up any of them because they intimidate us because everyone has significant problems .
let &apos;s first look at burning fossil fuels , burning either coal or natural gas .
what you have to do there may seem simple , but it is not . you would have to capture all the co2 that comes out of the chimney after burning , liquefy it under pressure and then store it somewhere and hope it stays there .
there are some pilot projects that can do that at 60% - 80% , but getting it at 100% will be very difficult . and reaching an agreement for the storage of the co2 is a big challenge . but the biggest problem here is the stock time question .
who will ensure it?
who can guarantee something literally billions of times bigger than any kind of garbage imaginable in nuclear and other things?
that &apos;s a lot of volume .
so that &apos;s a tough nut to crack .
next: nuclear energy .
it also has three big problems . the costs are high , especially in highly regulated countries . the question of safety , that one really feels that nothing can go wrong , despite the human cooperation , that the fuel is not used for weapons .
and what do you do with the garbage?
because although he is not very tall , there are a lot of concerns .
so three very difficult problems that may be solvable , and therefore one should work on .
i summarized the last three of the five .
it is the renewable energies , as they are often called .
and they too - although it &apos;s great that they do not need fuel - they have some drawbacks .
on the one hand , the energy density that these technologies generate is dramatically lower than that of power plants .
these are low-energy , one speaks of many square kilometers , a thousand times more area than a normal power plant .
in addition , these sources are subject to interruptions:
the sun does not shine all day , it does not shine every day , and the wind does not blow constantly .
therefore , if one depends on these sources , one has to have a way to get the energy even in times when it is not available .
so there are big pricing challenges here . there are challenges in the transfer . for example , if we say that the source of energy is outside the country , then they not only need technology , they also have to deal with the risk that energy comes from elsewhere .
and there is the storage problem .
and to show the dimension , i &apos;ve looked at all kinds of batteries that are made: the ones for cars , computers , cell phones , flashlights , for everything . and that &apos;s what i compared to the amount of electronic energy the world uses . i found that all the batteries we produce now could store less than 10 minutes of total energy .
so we need a big breakthrough here , something that will be better by a factor of 100 than the approaches currently .
that is not impossible , but it is not so easy .
this happens when you try to bring these broken sources over say 20% - 30% of the consumption .
if you want to rely on it 100% , you need an incredible miracle battery .
well , where should we go: what is the right approach?
a &quot; manhattan project &quot; ? how do we reach the goal?
what we need are many companies working on it . hundreds .
in each of these five areas we need at least 100 people .
many will say they are crazy! it &apos;s good  .
i think there are many here in the ted group who are already involved there .
bill big has several companies , including one called esolar which has great solar thermal technologies .
vinod khosla invests in dozens of companies that do great things and have interesting opportunities and i try to support that .
nathan myhrvold and i are financing a company that , perhaps surprisingly , is pursuing the nuclear approach .
there are some innovations in the nuclear field; modular , liquid .
development has stopped in this industry some time ago , so it &apos;s no surprise that some good concepts are lying around .
the terrapower concept means that instead of a part of the uran , the one percent , the u235 , we decided to burn the 99% , the u238 .
that &apos;s a pretty crazy idea .
but in fact , it had been thought about for a long time , but you could never reasonably simulate whether it would work , but since there are modern supercomputers , you can simulate it and see that: yes! with the right materials approach , it looks like it works .
and because you burn that 99% , the cost profile is much better .
in fact , you burn the garbage and you can even use the waste from today &apos;s reactors as fuel .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it . a great thing  .
the uranium is gradually consumed , a bit like a candle .
they see that it is a kind of pillar , often called a &quot; wandering wave reactor &quot; designated  .
that really solves the fuel problem .
here is a picture of a place in kentucky .
that &apos;s the waste , the 99% . it has the part that is burned today , taken out so it is used up uranium .
that drives the u .s . for hundreds of years .
and if you filter ocean water cheap and easy , you get enough fuel for the rest of the life of the planet .
you know , there are many challenges , but it is one of many hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let &apos;s think about how we should measure our success .
how should our certificate look like?
well , let &apos;s go to the goal we need to achieve and then we &apos;ll talk about the intermediate step .
many talk about an 80% reduction by 2050 .
it is really important that we get there .
the remaining 20% ​​will be produced in poor countries , as well as some agriculture . hopefully , the forest floor and cement will be clean by then .
so , to reach this 80% , the industrialized countries , including countries like china , have to completely switch their generation of electricity .
the other note says if we use zero emissions technology , if it &apos;s used in all developed countries and we &apos;re on the way to getting it to the rest .
that &apos;s super important .
this becomes a key element of this certificate .
if we go back from there , what should the 2020 certificate look like?
it should again contain the two elements .
we should use the effectiveness measures to bring about reduction . the less we emit , the lower the co2 sum will be and thus also the temperature .
but actually this note is for the things we do that do not completely lead to the big reductions , just the same , or even slightly less important than the other one , which represents the speed of innovation for these breakthroughs .
we have to follow these breakthroughs with full throttle and we can measure that in company figures , pilot projects and regulatory changes .
there are many great books on the subject .
the al gore book &quot; we have the choice &quot; and david mckay &apos;s &quot; sustainable energy without the hot air . &quot;
they are really doing it and creating a framework in which this can be widely discussed because we need support from all sides .
there is a lot that has to come together .
that is a wish .
a very concrete wish that we invent this technology .
if you only allow me one wish for the next 50 years , i could pick the president , a vaccine , and i love that , or i could choose that , which is half the energy price without co2 being invented . i would take that wish .
this has the biggest impact .
if we do not get that wish , the digging between long-term and short-term thinking people will be terrible , between the us and china , between poor and rich countries . and almost all the lives of this 2 billion will be much worse .
so what do we have to do?
for which measures do i appeal?
we have to work for more research funding .
when countries meet in places like koppenhagen , they should not just talk about co2 .
you should discuss this innovation strategy and you would be shocked by the ridiculously small money spent on these innovative approaches .
we need market incentives , co2 taxes , cap & amp; amp; trade something that creates a price signal .
we have to spread the message .
we need to guide dialogue more rationally and fully , and also the things that are being done by the government .
it is an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
many thanks  .
many thanks  .
thank you  . thank you !
many thanks  . just to get a better understanding of terrapower - first of all , can you give us an idea of ​​the size of this investment?
bill gates: to do the simulation on a supercomputer , to get all the great scientists , what we did , we only need a few tens of millions . and even if we tested our materials in a russian reactor to make sure it works properly , you &apos;re only in the 100s .
the difficult step is to build the first reactor , to find billions more , the regulations and the place that actually builds the first of them .
as soon as the first one is finished , when it works as promised , then everything is very clear , because the economy , the energy density is so different from nuclear energy , as we know it .
to understand this correctly , that means building deep into the ground , almost like a vertical column of nuclear fuel , that spent uranium , and then the process starts up and works its way down?
bg: exactly . today , you always have to refill the reactor , so there are many people and many controls that can go wrong . this thing where you open it and bring things in or out . this is not good !
but if you have cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years - think of a pillar - that you bury without the complexities .
and it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it &apos;s done .
a nuclear reactor that offers a solution for the garbage itself .
bg: yes . well , what happens to the garbage: you can let it sit - there is much less garbage with this method - then take it and pack it in the next reactor and burn it on .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists in those coolers or dry-tanks by the reactors . that &apos;s our starting fuel .
so , what was a problem for these reactors is what we fill in ours , and thus the volume of waste is dramatically reduced during this process .
but while talking to different people in the world about these possibilities,
where is the greatest interest , so what really implement?
bg: well , we have not decided on a place yet and there are a lot of interesting rules of disclosure for everything that is &quot; nuclear &quot; bears in the name . there was great interest and the company &apos;s people were in russia , india , china  . . . i was here and met the energy minister and talked about how this fits in with the energy agenda .
i am optimistic . you know , the french and the japanese have done something about it .
this is a variant of a thing that has been done .
this is an important step forward , but it is like a fast reactor and some countries have built it , so anyone who has implemented a fast reactor is a candidate for our first one .
in your imagination: timeframe and probability to really bring something to life?
bg: now we need one of those scalable , power-generating things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to deploy .
this is almost the deadline , which has shown us the environmental models that we have to comply with .
and , you know , terrapower , if all goes well , and that &apos;s a big wish , it could be easy .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds who , just as their approaches work , can help promote them for their pilots .
and it would be best if there are more than one , because then you could use a mixture .
in any case , we need a solution .
regarding the big potential breakthroughs , is this the biggest they know?
bg: an energy breakthrough is the most important thing .
that would have been without the environmental challenge , but it still makes it so much more important .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we do not know their work as well as this , but there is the modular method , that &apos;s a different approach .
there is a liquid reactor type that seems a bit difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
and so there are different ones , but the nice thing is that a uranium molecule has a million times as much energy as , say , a carbon molecule and therefore , if you can handle the problems and that are mainly the radiation , the footprint and the costs , the potential plays , so the impact on the country and other things , almost in their own league .
if that does not work , then what?
do we need to take emergency measures to try to keep the ground temperature stable?
bg: when you get into this situation , it &apos;s like eating too much , and you &apos;re on the verge of a heart attack . what do you do then? you may need a heart surgery or something similar .
there is a research called geoengineering that uses different techniques to delay the warming so we could get 20 or 30 years longer to come together .
this is just an insurance method .
we hope that we do not need that .
some people say that you should not work on insurance because you might be lazy , so you keep eating because you know someone will save your heart surgery .
i do not know if this is wise , considering the importance of this problem , but there is now a geoengineering debate on whether to have it available in case things get faster , or that innovation takes longer , as we expect .
climate skeptics: do you have one or two sentences for them , perhaps to convince them?
bg: well , unfortunately the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very few .
do you say that there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds that shift things?
there are very , very few things that you can even say of which there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay for it much later .
and that &apos;s why , when you have all sorts of urgent problems , the idea is to invest in something that you only get something from later - and , moreover , the investment is not so clear . in fact , the ipcc report is not necessarily the worst scenario and there are people in the rich world who look at ipcc and say , okay , that &apos;s not a big drama .
the fact is that this insecurity should worry us .
but my dream here is that if you can do it economically , and at the same time eliminate the co2 , then the skeptics say , &quot; alright , i do not care that it emits no co2 , i almost wish it did but i &apos;ll accept it because it &apos;s cheaper than the previous method .  &quot;
and that would be your answer to the björn lomborg argument that if you use all this time and energy to solve the co2 problem , all the other goals are suffering , poverty reduction , fighting malaria and so on , making it a dumb one wasting resources is investing money while there are better things we can do .
bg: well , the actual expenses for the research - say the u .s . should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today - that &apos;s not so dramatic .
this should not affect other things .
then one comes to large sums of money , and here reasonable people can contradict , if one has something , which is not economical , and tries to finance that . for me , the most waste happens here .
unless you are very close to a cost break and only finance the learning curve . i think we should try more things that have the potential to be much cheaper .
if the smear you get is a very high energy price , then only the rich can keep up .
i mean , every one of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing our lifestyle .
but for the bottom two billion it is a disaster .
and even lomborg thinks about it .
his new idea is now: &quot; why is research not being discussed anymore? &quot;
he is still associated with the skeptics camp because of his previous stories , but he understands that this is a very lonely group and that &apos;s why he &apos;s bringing the research argument now .
and that &apos;s a line of thought that i think is appropriate .
research , it &apos;s just crazy how little it supports .
bill , i think i speak for almost all people here when i say , i really hope that your wish will come true . thanks alot  .
bg: thanks .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter skillman created a design contest called &quot; the marshmallow challenge &quot; in front  .
the idea is pretty simple . teams of four need to build the largest possible freestanding structure with 20 spaghetti , approx . 1m adhesive tape , approx . 1m thread and a marshmallow .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and , although it seems really easy , it is actually really hard because it forces people to work together very quickly .
and so i thought that this is an interesting idea and i turned it into a design workshop .
it was a huge success .
since then , i &apos;ve run about 70 workshops worldwide , with students , developers , and architects , even ctos from the fortune 50 companies , and there &apos;s something about this task that gives a deep sense of the nature of the collaboration , and i want to share some of it with them ,
usually , most people start to orient themselves on the task .
they talk about it , they think about what it &apos;s going to look like , they &apos;re fighting for power,
then invest a little time in planning and organization . they sketch and put out spaghetti .
they invest a great deal of their time in the construction of constantly growing structures
and finally , just before you run out of time , someone takes the marshmallow and they gently set it on the top , step back and &quot; ta-da &quot; ! admire your work .
but what happens then , almost always , is that the  &quot; ta-da &quot; to a  &quot; uh-oh &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow causes the whole thing to bend and collapse .
there are a number of people who are much more  &quot; uh-oh &quot; -momentes have more than others , and among the worst are fresh bwl graduates .
they lie , they cheat , they are confused and produce really scanty things .
and of course , there are teams that are much more &quot; ta-da &quot; - have structures and among the best are fresh graduates of the kindergarten .
and that &apos;s pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they produce not only the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is: how come? why ? what &apos;s up with them ?
and peter tells us: &quot; none of the children invest time in being the boss of spaghetti gmbh &quot; ,
they do not invest time in power struggles .
but there is another reason .
namely that bwl students were trained to find the right plan , ok!
and then realize it .
what happens then , when you take the marshmallow to the extreme , you have no more time and what happens?
it is a crisis .
sounds familiar , what?
what kindergarten children do differently is that they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so that they have several times the opportunity to repair dilapidated prototypes .
designers recognize this kind of cooperation as the core of an iterative process .
and with every attempt , the children get instant feedback which works and what does not .
that &apos;s why the power to work with prototypes is essential - but let &apos;s see how different teams operate .
the average for most is about 50cm , bwl students manage half of it , lawyers a little more , but not much , kindergarten children are better than the adults .
who is the most successful?
architects and engineers , fortunately .
1m is the highest i &apos;ve seen .
and why ? because they understand triangles and self-reinforcing geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
ceos are slightly above average . but here it gets interesting .
if you put an executive administrator on the team , they will be significantly better .
it &apos;s incredible  . they look around and realize , &quot; this team will win . &quot;
they can predict that . why is that possible?
because they have special process support skills .
they guide the process , they understand it .
and the team that governs and pays attention to the work will significantly improve the performance of the team .
specialized skills and process skills and their combination lead to success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you get about 6 , which have stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought , we bring the pokereinsatz the same .
so i offered a $ 10,000 prize to software for the winners .
what do you think happened with these design students?
what was the result ?
that happened here . not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a 2.5cm high construction , he would have carried the price home .
so is not it interesting that high bets have a strong effect?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened?
now they understood the advantage of &quot; prototyping &quot; ,
so the same bad team became one of the best .
they produced the highest construction in the least amount of time .
there are profound lessons for us , about the nature of drive and success .
you might ask: why would anyone actually invest time to create a marshmallow challenge?
the bottom line is , i help create digital tools and processes to help teams , cars , video games and &quot; visual effects &quot; to create  .
and what the marshmallow challenge does is help you identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge is to have a shared experience , a common language or attitude , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who are interested can visit marshmallowchallenge .com .
it &apos;s a blog where you can see how to build the marshmallows .
there is a step-by-step guide there .
you will find crazy examples from all over the world how people optimize and refine the system .
there are also world records .
and the basic lesson , i think , is that construction is actually a unifying sport .
it demands that we all direct our senses to the task and that we use our thinking optimally , as our emotions and ours do , in the challenge that lies ahead .
and sometimes a small prototype of this experience is all it takes us from a  &quot; uh-oh &quot; - to a  &quot; ta-da &quot; -moment to bring .
and that can make a big difference .
many thanks  .
do we pretend we have a machine here,
a big machine , a cool , ted-like machine , and that &apos;s a time machine .
and everyone in this room has to go inside .
and you can go back in time , you can go to the future; they can not stay in here and now,
and i wonder what they would choose because i &apos;ve been asking my friends this question a lot lately , and they all wanted to go back in time .
i do not know  . they wanted to go back in time , before cars or twitter or  &quot; amerika sucht den superstar &quot; ,
i do not know  .
i am convinced that one is somehow attracted to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i do not want to go back in the past , and not because i &apos;m an adventurer -
it is because possibilities on this planet do not go back , they go forward .
so i want to get into this machine and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time that has ever existed on this planet , no matter what scale you apply: health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , decreasing disease rates .
there has never been a time like this before .
my great-grandparents all died when they were 60 years old .
my grandparents pushed this number to 70 .
my parents are 80 on their heels .
so there should better be a nine at the beginning of my death .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
a child born in new delhi today can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it  . that &apos;s an incredible fact .
any why is this the case ?
the smallpox . the smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have reshaped earth &apos;s demographics in a way that no war ever has .
they &apos;re gone  . they have disappeared  .
we have defeated them . puff .
in the rich world , there are hardly any diseases that have left millions of us threatened just one generation ago .
diphtheria , rubella , polio  . . .
does anyone even know what that is?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people - these are the results of the scientific method .
and , in my view , the scientific method is to try things out , see if it works , change it if it does not , one of mankind &apos;s greatest achievements .
so that &apos;s the good news .
unfortunately , that &apos;s all the good news , because there are a few other problems , and they &apos;ve been mentioned frequently,
and one of them is that despite all of our achievements , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
that number is rising , and it &apos;s rising very fast , and that &apos;s shameful .
and not only that , we have used our imagination to devastate this world thoroughly .
drinking water , arable land , rainforests , oil , gas: they are disappearing , and soon , and if we do not get out of this chaos we will disappear too .
the question is: can we do that? i guess so  .
i believe it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without rape the land they live on .
i think we can supply this world with energy that does not destroy it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that &apos;s not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night - one of the things that keep me awake at night . we &apos;ve never needed scientific advances as much as we &apos;ve ever done , never,
and we have never been able to use it properly , as we can today .
we are on the verge of amazing , amazing events in many areas . and yet i really think that we would have to go back hundreds of , 300 years before the enlightenment , to find a time in which we have fought progress , in which we have fought more violently over these things , on more fronts than now .
people are wrapped up in their beliefs , so close that they can not be liberated .
not even the truth will free her .
and listen , everyone has a right to his opinion; even a right to his opinion on progress,
but do you know what they are wrong about?
they have no right to their own facts .  &apos;; sorry , they do not have .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago i have an article about vaccinations for &quot; the new yorker &quot; written a small article .
and i was astonished to encounter resistance , to resisting what in the end is the most effective measure in health care in the history of humankind .
i did not know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and went on .
and soon afterwards i wrote an article on genetically modified foods .
the same thing , only bigger .
the people played crazy .
so i also wrote an article about it , and i could not understand why people thought it was &quot; frankenfood &quot; why they believed that moving molecules around in a certain rather than a random way was an invasion of the realm of nature .
but you know , i do what i do . i wrote the article , i continued .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist,
we type in , we hand in , we go eat , that &apos;s okay .
but these articles worried me , and i could not figure out why , and eventually i found out .
and that &apos;s because those fanatics who drove me crazy were no fanatics at all .
these were prudent people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and that messed me up so much  . . .
but then i thought , you know what , let &apos;s face it:
we have reached a point where we do not have the same proportion to progress as before .
we talk about it ambiguously .
we speak ironically about it , with small quotes around it: &quot; advance &quot; ,
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know which reasons that are .
we have lost confidence in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science itself , and there is no reason why this should not be so .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , bhopal , the challenger , vioxx , weapons of mass destruction , the us presidential election 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right . so be skeptical .
ask questions , ask for evidence , ask for documents .
do not take anything for granted .
but now comes &apos;; s: if you get evidence , you must accept these evidences , and we are not good at that .
and i can say that , right now , we &apos;re living in an epidemic of fear that i &apos;ve never seen before and hopefully will never see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that linked the autism epidemic to measles , mumps , and rubella vaccine .
very scary .
heaps of studies were done to see if that was true .
heaps of studies should be carried out; that is a serious matter .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , none at all .
it makes no difference . it makes no difference because we believe in anecdotes , believe what we see , what we believe we see , what makes us feel real .
we do not believe in a bunch of documents from a government official giving us data , and i understand that , i think we all do .
but do you know what?
the result of that was catastrophic,
catastrophic because of this fact: the usa is one of the only countries in the world where the imprints for measles decline .
that is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it is terrible .
what happened that we could do that .
well , i understand that . i do  .
because someone has here?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles?
does not happen very often .
it does not happen in this country at all , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
these are many deaths by molders , 20 per hour .
but because that has not happened here , we can repress it , and people like jenny mccarthy can run around preaching messages of fear and illiteracy from platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and they can do that because they do not connect cause and correlation .
they do not understand that these things seem the same but almost never the same .
and that &apos;s something we have to learn , and very fast .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst scourges of humanity .
no fear , no torments , palsy , puff , disappeared .
the guy in the middle not so much .
his name is paul offit .
he has just developed a rotavirus vaccine with a few other people .
it can save the lives of 400-500,000 children per year in developing countries .
pretty good , right?
well , that &apos;s good , apart from the fact that paul walks around and talks about vaccines and says how valuable they are and that people should stop complaining .
and he actually says so .
so paul is a terrorist .
when paul speaks at a public hearing , he can not testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him that they know where his children go to school .
and why ? because paul made a vaccine .
i do not need to say that , but vaccines are indispensable .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that &apos;s just happening .
we have been working in this country now .
and that is going to get worse , and pretty soon kids will die again because that &apos;s just a matter of numbers .
and you will not just die from the fibers .
what about polio? let &apos;s take that . why not ?
a fellow student of mine wrote to me a few weeks ago and said she thinks i &apos;m a bit too shrill .
nobody ever said that before .
she would not vaccinate her child against polio . no way  .
fine .
why ? because we have no polio . and you know what?
yesterday we had no polio in this country .
today , i do not know , maybe this morning somebody got on a plane in lagos and is flying to los angeles , at the moment he is over ohio .
and in a few hours he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he will attend one of these fantastic ted-dinner tonight .
and he does not know that he &apos;s infected with a crippling disease , and we do not know that , because that &apos;s the way the world works .
that &apos;s the planet we live on . do not pretend that he is not .
we love to lie in lies . we love that .
did you take all your vitamins this morning?
echinacea , a small antioxidant that helps you to get started .
i know they did that because half of americans do it every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative remedies , and it makes no difference how often we find out that they are useless .
the data shows that constantly .
they darken their urine . they almost never do more .
that &apos;s okay , they want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i totally agree with them .
dark urine . dark .
why do we do that? why do we do that?
well , i think i understand - we hate the pharma industry .
we hate too strong a government . we have no confidence in the system .
and we should not . our health system is lousy .
it is cruel to millions of people .
it is absolutely amazingly cold and soul-destroying even to us who can afford it .
so we run away from it and where are we going?
we are running into the arms of the placebo industry .
that &apos;s great  . i love the placebo industry .
but you know , this is really a serious matter , because the stuff is crap , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
none of them - gingko , fraud , echinacea , fraud , acai , i do not even know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it &apos;s fraud .
and you know what? when i say that , people yell at me and say , &quot; what do you care about , let people do what they want .
that &apos;s how they feel good .  &quot;
and you know what? you are wrong  .
because i do not care if it &apos;s the minister of health who says , &quot; hmm , i will not accept the evidence from my experts on mammography &quot; or any cancer quack who wants to treat his patient with coffee enemas .
when you go on this journey , where faith and magic replace evidence and science , you come to a place where you do not want to be .
you arrive at thabo mbeki in south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that beetroot , garlic and lemon oil are much more effective than antiretroviral medicines , which we know can help slow aids .
hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths in a country plagued worse than any other disease .
please do not tell me that these things have no consequences .
they have them . they always have .
well , the most mind-boggling epidemic we &apos;re in right now is this absurd struggle between the advocates of genetically modified foods and the bio-elite .
this is an idiotic debate . she has to stop .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
that &apos;s ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain of rice , every twig of parsley , every brussel sprouts , has been changed by the people .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there were no cantaloupe melons .
there were no christmas trees . we did it all .
we did it in the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some did not .
we got rid of what did not work .
now we can do it more accurately . and of course there are risks . but we can do something like vitamin a rice , and the stuff can help millions of people to extend their lives to millions .
you do not want to do that?
i have to say , i do not understand that .
we reject genetically modified food .
why do we do that?
well , what i &apos;m constantly hearing is: too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , monoculture , we do not want huge fields with a thing , that &apos;s wrong .
we do not want to patent company life .
we do not want to own company seeds .
and do you know what my answer to all this is?
yes , you are right  . we fix that .
yes , we have a huge food problem , but that &apos;s not science .
that has nothing to do with science .
it &apos;s right , morale , patent stuff .
you know that science is not a company .
she is not a country .
she is not even an idea; it is a process .
it is a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes not , but the idea that we should not allow science to do its work because we are afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people from blooming .
you know , over the next 50 years , we &apos;ll have to grow 70 percent more food than we do now . 70 percent  .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful . shameful .
they need that , and we do not give it to them .
and why ? genetically modified food .
we do not want to encourage people to eat this rotten stuff , like manioc .
cassava is something that half a billion people eat .
it &apos;s like a potato .
it &apos;s just a bunch of calories . it is lousy .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are incorporating all of this into it .
and then people could eat that and would not go blind .
they would not starve , and they know what?
that would be great  . it would not be chez panisse , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this?
i mean , we ask ourselves: why are we fighting this?
because we do not want to shove genes around?
it &apos;s not about pushing genes around . it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on bigger food , better food , unique food .
it &apos;s not about rice krispies , it &apos;s about keeping people alive and it &apos;s high time to understand what that means .
because you know something?
if we do not do that , if we go on doing what we are doing , we owe ourselves to something that i do not think we owe , high-tech colonialism .
there is no other description for what happens here .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not worthy of us , and we really have to stop it .
so , after this unbelievably funny conversation , you may want to say , &quot; do you still want to go into that ridiculous time machine and into the future? &quot;
in any case  . i want that in any case .
at the moment she is in the present , but we have an incredible possibility .
we can put this time machine on everything we want .
we can move them where we want to move them , and we will move them where we want to go .
we have to have these conversations , and we have to think , but if we get into the time machine and go into the future we will be glad to have done that .
i know we can , and as far as i &apos;m concerned , that &apos;s something the world needs now .
thank you  .
thank you  .
for some time now i am interested in the placebo effect . it may seem odd that an magician is interested in it , unless you consider it as i do , as &quot; a delusion that becomes something real if someone just believes strongly enough . &quot;
in other words , sugar pills have had a measurable effect in some studies , the placebo effect , and that &apos;s because the person thinks what &apos;s happening to them is a pharmaceutical or a kind of  . . . in pain management , for example , if the patient believes only strongly enough , there is a measurable effect in the body called the placebo effect .
a delusion becomes something real because someone perceives it that way .
so that we can understand each other , i would like to show you a basic , very simple magic trick .
and i will show you how it works . this is a trick that has been in every children &apos;s magic book at least since the 1950s .
i myself learned it from the scout magic scout magic in the 1970s .
i will execute it for you and then explain it .
and then i will explain why i explain it .
so , see what happens .
the knife that you can examine; my hand that you can examine .
i will just hold the knife in my fist .
i push my sleeve back .
and to make sure nothing disappears or gets out of my sleeve , i &apos;ll just squeeze my wrist right here .
in this way you can see that at no time does anything move . as long as i press here , nothing can wander in my sleeve or come out .
and the goal is quite simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my mere physical magnetism .
it actually sits so tightly in its place that i can shake it without dropping the knife .
nothing wandering in my sleeve or coming out , no trickery . and they can investigate everything .
ta-da!
well , this is a trick i often teach little children who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception if you look closer , although it is a very easy trick to do .
probably many of you know this trick here in the room .
it works like this:
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say i enclose my wrist to make sure nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that &apos;s a lie .
the reason why i hold my wrist is that it is the real secret of illusion .
for in the moment when i turn my hand away from them to see them from behind , that finger here , my index finger , moves from where it was to a position where it is so stretched out .
great trick?
there is someone sitting behind who did not have childhood .
so , he is here . i agree  .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .
and now one could talk about why this is a delusion , why one does not realize that there are only three fingers down here: because the mind and the way it processes information does not count them one by one , one , two , three but sees you as a group .
but that &apos;s not what it &apos;s all about now . and then i open my hand .
of course , it is held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index finger , which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens , as i turn back , hidden by this movement , that the finger moves back again .
i take this hand away . and here is the knife .
you can show this trick to your friends and neighbors . thank you  .
now , what does this have to do with the placebo effect?
a year or so ago , i read a study that really blew me away .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , so that was an amazing thing for me .
it turns out that if you offer a placebo in the form of a white pill , in the form of an aspirin tablet , it is simply a round , white pill that has a certain measurable effect .
but if you change the form in which you placebo , for example , into a smaller pill , and color it blue and letter it , it is actually measurably more effective .
and that , though none of it is any pharmaceutical  . . . it &apos;s just sugar pills .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
what ? that really made me freak out .
but it turned out that that &apos;s not all .
if you take capsules , they are even more effective than tablets of any form .
a colored capsule that is yellow at one end and red at the other is better than a white capsule .
dosing also plays a role .
one pill twice a day is not as good as three pills - i can not remember the exact statistics now . i &apos;m sorry  .
the key , though , is  . . .
 . . . that the dosages also play a role .
and shape plays a role .
and if you want the ultimate placebo effect , you have to resort to the needle .
correct ? an ineffective syringe - a few milliliters of ineffective substance injected into a patient .
this creates a very strong image in the head . this is much stronger than a white pill .
this artwork is really  . . . i &apos;ll show you another time if we have a projector .
the fact is that the white pill does not work as well as the blue pill , which does not work as well as a capsule , which does not work as well as the needle .
and none of that has any real pharmaceutical properties . it is only our belief in it that makes us stronger .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i take something that is obviously a delusion , and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to resort to the needle , if it should go to the point .
this is a 18 cm long hat pin . she is very , very pointed . and i will first sterilize it a little bit .
this is really my meat . it is not damian &apos;s special bred meat .
this is my skin . this is not a special effect from hollywood .
i will now pierce this needle in my skin and drive through it until it exits on the other side again .
if they get sick - if they faint easily - i showed this to some friends last night in the hotel room , and some people i did not know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest if you get sick quickly then look away for the next 30 seconds . or , you know what , i &apos;ll do the first tricky part here .
they can see it soon , but they can also look the other way if they want .
so , it goes on , right here , where my meat starts , at the bottom of my arm , i &apos;ll just make a small stab .
i &apos;m really sorry  . is she doing that crazy?
and now just a little bit through my skin and on the other side so out again .
now we are actually in the same situation that we had at the knife trick .
approximately  .
but now you can not count my fingers , right?
so , i will show you them . that &apos;s one , two , three , four , five .
oh well ,
i know what people think when they see that .
they say , &quot; okay , that &apos;s not so stupid and piercing your skin just to keep us entertained for a few minutes . &quot;
well , then i &apos;ll show you .
how does this look like? pretty good  .
yes i know  .
and the people behind say , &quot; okay , i did not see it right . &quot;
the people in the side rooms come in now .
let me show you up close .
that &apos;s really my skin . this is not a special effect from hollywood .
that &apos;s my meat , and i can turn it around .
i &apos;m sorry  . if they get sick , they look away , do not look .
the people behind or those who see this later on video , will say , &quot; well , that looks pretty impressive , but if it were real , he would - see , here is a hole and there , if it really would be , it would bleed .  &quot;
okay , let me squeeze some blood out for you .
yes , here it is .
normally , i would now take out the needle .
i would clean my arm and show you that there are no sores .
but i think , in this context , here and with the intention to turn a delusion into something real , i will just leave the needle in there and go off stage .
we will meet a few times in the next days .
i hope you are looking forward to it . many thanks  .
everyone is talking about happiness these days .
i have some people count the number of books that are labeled &quot; happiness &quot; have been published in the title over the last five years and they gave up after about 40 , and there were many more .
there is a tremendous wave of interest in happiness among researchers .
there is a lot of luck coaching .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but despite all this torrent of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and my talk today will mainly be about these cognitive traps .
this is true for lay people who think about their own happiness , and it applies to scientists who think about happiness because it turns out that we are just as confused as anyone else .
the first of these falls is a reluctance to admit complexity .
it turns out that the word happiness is simply not a useful word because we apply it to too many different things .
i think there is a definite meaning to which we could limit it , but by and large it is something we have to give up , and we will have to take the complicated view of what is wellbeing .
the second trap is a confusion of experience and memory: basically , she is between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they are both thrown together in the idea of ​​happiness .
and the third is the concentration illusion , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can not think about a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , that &apos;s a real cognitive trap .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .
now i would like to start with an example from someone who had a question and answer session after one of my lectures that told a story . [indistinctly  . . .] he said he had heard a symphony , and it was absolutely magnificent music , and at the very end of the recording there was a terrible screeching sound .
and then he added , really emotional , that ruined the whole experience .
but that did not happen .
what it had ruined were the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had had 20 minutes of wonderful music .
they did not count because he remained with a memory; the memory was ruined and the memory was all he had to keep .
what this really means to us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two kinds of self .
there is an experiencer himself who lives in the present and knows the present , is capable of reliving the past , but basically has only the present .
it is the experiencing itself that appeals to the doctor - you know when the doctor asks: &quot; does it hurt now if i touch her here? &quot;
and then there is a reminding itself , and the reminding itself is that which counts and upholds the story of our lives , and it is the one that appeals to the physician by asking the question: &quot; how have you felt lately ?  &quot;
or &quot; how was your trip to albania? &quot; or something like that  .
these are two very different entities , the experiencing self and the remembering self , and to confuse the two is part of the confusion of the concept of happiness .
well , the remembering itself is a story teller .
and that really starts with a fundamental reaction to our memories - it starts right away .
we do not just tell stories when we set out to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , that is , what we are allowed to keep from our experiences is a story .
and let &apos;s not start with an example .
there is an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
i will not go into detail . it is not painful these days , but it was painful when this study was done in the 1990s .
they were asked to report their pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients . these are your records .
and they are asked , &quot; which of them has suffered more?&quot; 
and that is a very simple question .
patient b has clearly suffered more . his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain that patient had a had patient b , and more .
but now there is another question: &quot; how much did these patients think they were suffering? &quot;
and here is a surprise:
and the surprise is that patient a had a much worse reminder of colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the bowels were different and because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends -
and none of these stories is very edifying or great - but one of them is this clearly  . . .
but one of them is significantly worse than the other .
and the one worse is where the pain was at its very high end . it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know this?
because we asked these people for their bowels , and also much later: &quot; how bad was the whole thing in general? &quot;  .
and she was far worse for a than for b in the recollection .
well , that &apos;s a direct conflict between the experiencing self and the remembering self .
from the perspective of the experiencer himself , b clearly had a worse time .
well , what you could do with patient a , and we &apos;ve actually done clinical experiments , and it &apos;s been done , and it works , you could actually extend the colonoscopy of patient a by simply letting the tube in without too much of it shake .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but only a little and much less than before .
and if you do that for a couple of minutes , it has the effect that the patient himself is worse off , and the reminding himself of patient a is much better off , because now patient a has a better story given his experience .
what makes a story different?
and that applies to the stories that memory provides us , and it also applies to the stories we invent .
what makes a story stand out are upheavals , significant moments and ends .
endings are very , very important and in this case the end dominated .
now , the experiencer himself lives his life continuously .
it has moments of experience , one after the other .
and you ask: what happens to those moments?
and the answer is really simple . they are lost forever .
i mean , most of the moments of our lives - and i figured that out - you know , the psychological present is about three seconds long . which means you know that in one lifetime there are about 600 million of them . in one month there are about 600,000 . most of them leave no trace .
most of them are completely ignored by reminding themselves .
and yet somehow they get the impression that they should count that what happens during these moments of experience is our life .
it is the limited resource that we consume while we are in this world .
and how we consume them would seem to be important , but that &apos;s not the story that remembers even for us .
so we have the self remembering and the experiencing ourselves , and they are really quite different .
the biggest difference between them is how to deal with time .
from the perspective of the experiencer himself , if you have a holiday and the second week is just as good as the first , then the two-week holiday is twice as good as the one-week holiday .
this does not work at all for the remembering self .
for the reminding itself , a two-week vacation is hardly better than the one-week vacation because there are no new memories added .
they did not change the story .
and in this way , time is actually the critical variable that distinguishes a remembering self from an experiencing self . time has very little influence on this story .
well , the reminding itself does more than remember and tell stories .
it is actually the one that makes decisions , because if you have a patient who , say , had two bowel reflexes at two different surgeons and decides which one to choose , then the one who chooses who has the memory is the one who chooses less bad and that is the surgeon who will be selected .
the experiencer himself has no voice in this choice .
actually , we do not choose between experiences . we choose between memories of experiences .
and even when we think about the future , we do not usually think of our future as an experience .
we think about our future as foreseen memories .
and basically , they can look at that , you know , as a tyranny of the remembering self , and they can think of the remembering self as one that , as it were , drags the experiencing itself through experiences that the experiencer himself does not need .
i have the impression that when we go on vacation that is very often the case , that is , we make holidays as much as possible in the service of reminding ourselves .
and that &apos;s a bit hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much do we draw from our memories?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the remembering self .
and when i think about it , i think of a holiday we did a couple of years ago in the antarctic , which was clearly the best vacation i &apos;ve ever had , and i think about it a lot in proportion to how many times i spend think about other holidays .
and i &apos;ve probably consumed my memories of this three-week trip , i &apos;d say , for about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 images in it i would have spent another hour .
well , that &apos;s three weeks , and that &apos;s a maximum of one and a half hours .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
well , i may be a bit extreme , you know , in how little appetite i have for the memory of memories , but even if you do more , there is a real question . why do we give memories so much weight in comparison to the weight that we give experiences?
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of your vacation all your pictures will be destroyed and you will get an amnestic drug so that you will not remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation?
and if they choose another vacation , there is a conflict between their two kinds of self and they have to think about how they decide that conflict and that really is not obvious at all , because if you think in terms of time they get an answer  , and if you think in the sense of memories , you might get another answer .
why we choose the vacation that we choose is a problem that presents itself with a choice between the two types of self .
well , the two kinds of self raise two notions of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one per self .
so you can ask: how happy is the experiencer himself?
and then you would ask: how happy are the moments in the life of the experiencer himself?
and they are all - happiness for a moment is a rather complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea of ​​the happiness of the experiencer himself over time .
if you ask for the happiness of remembering yourself , it is a very different matter .
this is not about how happy a person lives .
it &apos;s about how satisfied or pleased the person is when that person thinks about their lives .
very different concept .
anyone who does not distinguish these concepts will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i belong to a multitude of researchers of well-being who have long messed up the exploration of happiness in just that way .
the distinction between the happiness of the experiencer himself and the satisfaction of the remembering self has been recognized in recent years , and now efforts are being made to measure them separately .
the gallup organization has conducted a worldwide survey asking over half a million people about what they think about their lives and their experiences . and there were other efforts in the direction .
in recent years , we have begun to learn about the good fortune of the two kinds of self .
and the main lesson we have learned , i think , is that they are really different .
they know how satisfied someone is with their lives , and that really does not teach them much about how happy he is to live his life and vice versa .
just to give you an idea of ​​the correlation , the correlation is about  .5 .
what that means is that if you were to meet someone and you would tell them , oh , his father is a two-meter man , how much would you know about his size?
well , you would know something about its size , but there is a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone has classified his life as eight on a scale of ten , you have much uncertainty about how happy he is with his experiencing himself .
the correlation is therefore low .
we know something about what determines the satisfaction of happiness-self .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that happiness is mainly about being happy with people we like , spending time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but that is dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two kinds of self , you will end up doing very different things .
the conclusion from what i said here is that we really should not think of happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it is a completely different concept .
well , very briefly , another reason we can not clearly think about happiness is that we do not pay attention to the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question of how happy people are in california , they will not get the right answer .
when you ask that question , you think people in california need to be happier when they live , say , ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , let &apos;s say , climate .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important to the experiencer himself , and it is not even very important to the thoughtful self that decides how happy people are .
but now , because the thoughtful self is responsible , they may end up - some people might end up moving to california .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to see what happens to people who move to california hoping to become happier .
well , you living yourself will not be happier .
we know that  .
but a thing will happen . they will think they are happier , because when they think about it , they will be reminded of how terrible the weather was in ohio . and you will feel that you have made the right decision .
it is very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i have given you an idea of ​​how difficult it is .
thank you  .
thank you  . i &apos;ve got a question for you  .
many thanks  .
well , when we telephoned a few weeks ago they mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left?
daniel kahneman: sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the gallup survey is a number that we absolutely did not expect to find .
we found this in view of the happiness of the experiencer himself .
when we looked at how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that &apos;s a very large sample of americans , about 600,000 , but it &apos;s a large representative sample , with an income of $ 600,000 a year
60,000 .
dk: 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year makes people unhappy , and they get increasingly unhappy the poorer they become .
above that we get an absolutely flat line .
i mean , i have rarely seen such flat lines .
what happens is obvious , that money does not give you any experience-luck , but that a lack of money will certainly make you miserable , and we can measure that misery very , very clearly .
in the sense of the other self , of the remembering self , you get another story .
the more money you earn , the happier you are .
that does not apply to emotions .
but danny , throughout the american effort is about life , freedom , the pursuit of bliss .
if people were serious about that , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything we believe , for example , in terms of tax policy and so on .
is there any chance that politicians would generally take a decision on how to take the policy seriously and make policy based on it?
dk: you know , i believe that there is recognition for the role of happiness research in politics .
the recognition will be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom it is happening right now and is happening in other countries .
people are recognizing that they should think of luck when they think of politics .
it will be a while , and people will be discussing whether they want to explore experiential happiness or whether they want to explore life-assessment , so we need to lead this discussion pretty soon .
how one can increase happiness depends very much on how they think and whether they think of the remembering self or whether they think about the experiencer himself .
that will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , people are trying to measure the happiness of the people .
i think that will be part of national statistics for the next year or two .
well , it seems to me , this topic is , or at least should be , the most interesting political debate to follow over the next few years .
thank you for the invention of behavioral economics .
thanks , danny kahneman .
i am jane mcgigigal . i design computer games .
i &apos;ve been developing online games for 10 years now . and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in the real world as it is to save in online games .
i have a plan for that . i want to convince more people , including them all , to spend more time playing bigger and better games .
we currently spend 3 billion hours a week playing online games .
some of you might think , &quot; that &apos;s a lot of time for games . &quot;
maybe a little too much time , considering how many issues we urgently need to solve in the real world .
in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future , exactly the opposite is true .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the world &apos;s most pressing problems .
in fact , i am convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to dramatically increase that time .
i calculated that the required time is 21 billion hours of play per week .
this may seem a little outlandish at first , so i &apos;ll repeat it for it to work: if we want to solve problems such as hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflict and obesity , i think we must try to play games online for at least 21 billion hours a week to play until the end of the next decade .
no , i &apos;m really serious .
why ? this picture pretty much describes why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of human species in the future . seriously  .
this is a portrait of the photographer phil toledano .
he wanted to capture the emotions while playing . so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions when playing .
if you are not a player you may miss some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , some anxiety , but also extreme concentration , completely engrossed in solving a really difficult problem .
if you play , you will see some nuances here , the eyes are drawn up and the mouth is a sign of optimism . the eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player who is on the brink of a so-called epic victory .
oh , you know that . ok  . fine  . so we have some players here .
an epic victory is a result that is so overwhelmingly positive that they did not even know it was possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when they reach it , they are shocked that they are actually capable of doing so . this is an epic victory .
this player is about to win an epic victory .
and this is what we must see on the millions of faces of problem solvers around the world as we tackle the next century hurdles . the face of those who are on the verge of an epic victory against all odds .
well , unfortunately , we tend to see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it the  &quot; in life i am bad &quot; -face  . and it &apos;s actually my face , you see? yes ? ok  .
that &apos;s me , like me ,  &quot; in life i &apos;m bad &quot; make face .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where in my doctoral thesis i studied why we are better at playing than in real life .
this is a problem that many players have .
we think that in reality we are not as good as in games .
and i do not just mean less successful , though that &apos;s part of it .
we reach more in game worlds . i think it &apos;s good to be motivated to do something meaningful and to work together .
when we are in a game world , i believe that many of us are turning into our best version , always ready to help , persistently trying to solve the problem as long as necessary , trying again after the failure .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel defeated . we feel threatened , perhaps depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have these feelings when we play games , in games they just do not exist .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to investigate as a doctoral student .
why is it impossible to think in games that one could not achieve everything?
how can we transfer these emotions from the games to reality?
so i watched games like world of warcraft , which provides the ideal environment for collaborative problem solving .
and i &apos;ve found some things that make epic victories in online worlds possible .
so , first , when you get into one of these online games , especially at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters who are ready to entrust you with a world-saving mission , right now .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly to your current level in the game , right?
so they do it .
they never get a task they can not solve .
but always on the edge of their abilities , so they have to make an effort . but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you do not sit around and turn around . there is always something very important to do .
and there are tons of employees .
wherever they go , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to complete their epic mission .
we have in real life not so easy , this feeling that in a finger snap heaps of employees ready .
there is also this epic story , this inspiring story , why we are here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
they are definitely of &quot; level high &quot; and  &quot; + 1 strength &quot; heard or  &quot; + 1 intelligence &quot; ,
this constant feedback does not exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i do not have: + 1 talk and + 1 crazy idea , + 20 crazy idea .
i do not get this feedback in real life .
so , the problem with online collaboration worlds such as world of warcraft is that it &apos;s so satisfying to be at the edge of an epic victory at all times that we &apos;d rather spend all our time in these game worlds .
they are simply better than the reality .
to date , all world of warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years together solving the virtual problems of azeroth .
that is not necessarily something bad .
it may sound bad .
but to put it in context: 5.93 million years ago our first primate ancestors began to walk upright .
the first upright primate , then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend playing with at the moment , it only makes sense to look at the time in terms of the magnitude of human development , which is extraordinary .
but also appropriate . because it turns out that by spending all this time on playing , we are actually changing what we humans are capable of doing .
we develop into communally thinking , cordial beings .
that &apos;s the truth  . i believe in that .
take a look at this intriguing statistic , recently published by a researcher from carnegie mellon university: today &apos;s average young man in a country with a strong culture of gaming spends 10,000 hours playing online until the age of 21 .
so , 10,000 hours is an extremely interesting number , for 2 reasons:
first of all , for children in the united states , 10,080 hours is the exact total time they spend in school , from grade 5 to high school graduation - if you never fail .
so here we have a complete parallel pathway where young people learn just as well , what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of them have the new book by malcolm gladwell , &quot; überflieger &quot;  , read .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of the success of 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of cognitive science that if we spend 10.000 hours with laborious study of any subject up to the 21st year of age , we will master in it .
we will be as good at doing whatever we can as the most important people in the world .
so what we have here is a complete generation of young people who are master players .
the big question is: &quot; what exactly are players masterfully good at? &quot;
because if we could find that out , we would have virtually never had any human potential .
we currently have so many people in the world who spend at least one hour a day playing online games .
these are our master players . 500 million people who are exceptionally good at &quot; something &quot; are  .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are exceptionally good in whatever .
if you have not heard it yet,
the games industry is developing consoles that save energy and work on mobile networks , rather than the broadband internet , so that players around the world can play online , especially in india , china , brazil .
one expects an additional billion players in the next decades .
we have a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started to consider what it is , in which we make these games master .
here are the 4 things i found . first: urgency optimism .
ok , imagine this as extreme self-motivation .
sentimental optimism requires the desire to do something immediately , to overcome a hurdle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope of succeeding .
players always believe that an epic victory is possible , and that it &apos;s always worthwhile to try it , right away .
players do not sit around .
players are masters at spinning dense social networks .
there are a lot of interesting researches that show that we like people more after we play with them , even if they defeated us badly .
the reason for this is that it takes a lot of trust to play with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be respected , that we have the same goal and will stick to it until the end of the game .
so playing together allows the growing of bonds , trust and each other .
as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
blissful productivity . fantastic !
you know , there &apos;s a reason why the average world of warcraft player plays 22 hours a week , sort of as a part time job .
the reason is that when we play , we are actually happier working hard than relaxing or doing nothing .
we know that we as human beings function optimally when doing hard , significant work .
and players are always ready to work hard when they get the job done .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part of awe-inspiring missions of planetary proportions .
here is a background information to put this into perspective . you probably know all wikipedia , the largest wiki in the world .
the second largest wiki in the world , with almost 80,000 entries is the world of warcraft wiki .
five million people use it every month .
you have collected more information about world of warcraft on the internet than about any other topic in any other wiki in the world .
they create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok , these are four superpowers that lead to a single result . players are super-powerful , hopeful individuals .
it is people who believe that as individuals they can change the world .
and the only problem is that they think they can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that &apos;s the problem i &apos;m trying to solve .
edward castronova is a popular scientist .
his work is awesome . he examines why people spend so much time , energy and money in online worlds .
and he says , &quot; we will witness no less than mass migration into virtual worlds and online gaming environments . &quot;
and that of an economist . so he is logical .
and he says  . . .
not like me  . . . i &apos;m developing games , i &apos;m a bit exuberant .
so he says , that actually makes sense , because players can achieve more in online worlds than in real life .
they can make stronger social bonds in games than in real life . you get more feedback and rewards in games than in real life .
so , he says , it &apos;s perfectly logical at the moment that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , that &apos;s logical .
but it is definitely not an optimistic situation .
we have to start transforming the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that dates back 2,500 years .
there are these antique cubes , made of sheep &apos;s knuckles . you know ?
there were sheep &apos;s knuckles in front of these fantastic game controllers .
and these were , so to speak , the first game machines developed by humans .
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek historian herodotus , you may know this story . the story of how and why games were invented .
according to herodotus , games , more precisely dice games , were invented in the kingdom of lydia during a famine .
it was said that there was such a great famine that the king of lydia decided on a crazy idea .
the people suffered . the people were fighting .
it was an extreme situation . you needed an extreme solution .
so , according to herodotus , they invented the dice game and agreed on a national strategy . one day you would eat . the next day you would play .
and they would be so absorbed in the dice game that games are so intriguing and surround us with satisfying , blissful productivity that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day you would play . and the next day you would eat .
and according to herodotus , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
likewise , i think , we play games today .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we use games to escape everything that does not work in the real world , anything that is not satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but that does not have to be the end .
that &apos;s the exciting thing .
according to herodotus , the famine did not improve after 18 years . so the king decided to play a last dice game .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a dice game and the winners were allowed to embark on an epic adventure .
they left lydia and started searching for a new home . they left just as many people as there was food to survive and searched with the rest for a territory where they could thrive .
that sounds crazy , right?
but recent dna evidence shows that the etruscans , who later formed the roman empire , have the same dna as the ancient lydians .
therefore , scientists recently came to the conclusion that herodotus &apos;; crazy story is actually true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling that lasted nearly 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story might be right .
perhaps they have actually saved their people by playing by escaping into games for eighteen years and then having this in fl uence and learning so much about playing together that they have thereby saved the entire civilization .
well , we can do that too .
we play warcraft since 1994 .
this was the first real-time strategy game in the world of warcraft series . that was 16 years ago .
they played dice games for 18 years , we have been playing warcraft for 16 years .
i claim we are ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half of their civilization in search of a new world . so i take my 21 billion game hours a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world .
i know you will ask: &quot; how do we solve real world problems in games? &quot; and it is precisely this question that i have dedicated my work to in the last few years at the institute for the future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , it expresses how we should understand the future .
we do not want to try to predict the future beforehand .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to present the best possible result . and then empower people to translate this idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i will briefly show you three games that i have designed to try to give people epic victories in their own future .
this is &quot; world without oil .&quot; 
the game is from 2007 .
it &apos;s an online game in which you have to overcome an oil shortage .
the oil shortage is invented but we have enough online content to make it realistic for them and they actually live their real life without oil . so , when you sign up for the game , tell us where you live . and then you get real-time newsletters that show you how much oil costs , what does not exist , how food supply is affected , how transport is affected , whether schools are closed , whether there are riots . and they have to figure out how to make their real life if it were true . and we ask you to blog about it , set videos or photos .
we tested this game with 1,700 players in 2007 . and we have accompanied her since then over the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was a changing experience .
nobody wants to change their life because it is good for the environment or because we should .
but if you &apos;re in an epic adventure and you &apos;re told: &quot; we &apos;re running out of oil . &quot;
this is a fascinating adventure to go for .
find out how they would survive . most of our players have kept the habits learned in the game .
so for the next world-saving game we have set ourselves a bigger , higher goal than just an oil shortage .
we have the game &quot; superstruct &quot; developed at the institute for the future .
the starting point is the calculation of a supercomputer that people have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called &quot; global danger sensitization system &quot;  , naturally  .
the call to players to sign up , we have almost like a &quot; jerry-bruckheimer &quot; film designed .
you know jerry bruckheimer movies , where it &apos;s the &quot; dream team &quot; gives  . they have the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-convict and only together can they save the world .
but in our game , rather than just 5 people , let &apos;s say everyone is in the dream team , and it &apos;s our job to create the future for energy , food , health , security and the future of social justice .
8,000 players played the game for 8 weeks .
they found 500 unbelievably creative solutions that they can read when they use &quot; superstruct &quot; to google  .
and we will release the last game on march 3rd . it is a game in cooperation with the world bank .
when they finish the game , they receive the &quot; social redesigner&quot;  award from the world bank;  , graduation 2010 .
we work with universities in all of black africa and invite them to learn how to transform their social lives .
we have a comic to it . we have &quot; level up &quot; for regional understanding , knowledge networking , sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
i would like to invite all of you to share this game with young people all over the world , especially in developing areas that benefit from imagining their own social activities together to save the world .
i &apos;m coming to the end .
i want to ask you something  .
what , do you think happens next?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we have not saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree with me that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great impact on change .
we have all these superpowers , blissful productivity , the ability to make close social networks , urgency optimism and the need for epic meaning .
i really hope that together we play significant games to survive on this planet for another century .
and i hope they will design and play with me such games .
looking ahead to the next decade , i &apos;m sure of two things: that we can create every imaginable future and that we can play all sorts of games .
so i say , let the world-changing games begin!
thank you very much  .
i would like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago when writing an article for italian wired .
i always had my synonym dictionary at hand when writing , but i was already done editing the text , and i noticed that i have never looked up in my life , what the word &quot; hinders &quot; really means .
i read you the entry .
 &quot; with special needs  &quot;  , adjective: &quot; crippled , helpless , useless , destroyed , dead , mutilated , wounded , mauled , lame , severely neglected , disused , weakened , impotent , castrated , paralyzed , handicapped senil , decrepit , pulled out of traffic , repaired , done , broken broke , counted , see also hurt , useless and weak .
antonyms: healthy , strong , powerful .  &quot;
i read this list a friend aloud and had to laugh first , it seemed so ridiculous , but i only came to &quot; prepared &quot; and could not continue talking , and had to stop reading and collect myself first after this raiding word flood and the associated emotional shock .
of course that was a frayed old synonym dictionary . i just thought that the issue must be quite old .
but in fact it was an issue in the early 80s when i first started elementary school and began to build and shape my self-image outside of my family environment , also with regard to other children and the rest of the world around me .
and thank god i did not use a synonym dictionary at that time .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life can not be positively positive . today , however , i will be celebrating the opportunities and adventures i have experienced .
so i immediately called the online edition of 2009 and expected that i find a more appealing contribution here .
here is the updated version of this entry .
unfortunately she is not much better .
in particular , the last two words shake me under  &quot; near antonyms &quot;  &quot; all  &quot; and healthy  &quot; ,
but it &apos;s not just about the words .
it &apos;s about what we think about the people we describe with these words .
it &apos;s about the values ​​that are in these words , and how we construct those values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , really believed that the pronunciation of a curse has a great power , because what is said aloud can also manifest itself .
so , what do we actually want to manifest - a disabled person or a powerful person?
to call a human carelessly a mere child could be enough to restrict her and put her ideas to the test .
would not it be better to open your doors?
a person who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at a .i . dupont institute in wilmington in delaware .
his name is dr . pizzutillo . an italo-american whose name , as you can imagine , most americans could not pronounce correctly . so he was always dr . p . called  .
and dr . p . always wore very colorful flies and was just made to work with children .
i just loved the time i spent in this hospital - except for my physiotherapy .
i had to repeat some exercises seemingly endlessly with these thick , elastic bands - in different colors - that you know to build my leg muscles . and i hated those bands more than anything else . i hated her . i cursed her . i hated her .
and imagine , even as a five-year-old child with dr . p . negotiated and tried to stop these exercises , of course , without success .
and one day he observed me on one of my exercises - those exercises were just tiresome and merciless - and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you are such a strong , powerful and young girl , you will one day become one rip these ribbons .
and if you can do it , i &apos;ll give you a hundred dollars .  &quot;
of course that was just a trick from dr . p . so i do the exercises i did not want to do , with the prospect of becoming the richest five-year-old girl in the infirmary on the second floor . but he actually got me to see my daily exercise horror with new eyes . this became a new and promising experience .
and today i wonder how much his vision of me as a strong and powerful young girl has shaped my self-image and how i could imagine myself as a naturally strong , powerful and atlethic man .
this is just one of many examples of how adults in power positions can stimulate a child &apos;s imagination .
but as the examples quoted in the synonym dictionaries prove , our language leaves us no room to imagine anything we would all wish for: enabling each one to see himself as a powerful human being .
our language lags behind the social changes that have in many cases been triggered by technological change .
from the medical point of view , of course , my legs , the laser surgery for vision impairments , knee joints made of titanium and artificial hip joints for aging bodies that allow people to really use all their possibilities and reach beyond the limits that they have their natural destiny has been to develop , not to speak of social networking platforms , to enable people to create their own identity , to define themselves in their own way , and thus to orient themselves around the world to groups they choose for themselves .
maybe this technological change will make it clearer than ever that there has always been another truth , namely , that every human being can give something very special and powerful to society and that human adaptability is our greatest plus .
the human capacity to adapt - that &apos;s an interesting story , because people keep asking me to tell them how to deal with adversity and i &apos;ll confess something to them: that sentence never suited me and i &apos;ve always felt very uncomfortable with it to answer the questions of people to do so , and i think , gradually , i understand why .
this notion of dealing with adversity lives from the idea that success or happiness depends on mastering a challenge without being influenced by the associated experience . as if my life had been so successful because i could avoid the possible fall of a life with a prosthesis , or whatever people perceive me to be with my disability .
but the truth is that we are changing . of course , we are shaped by the challenge , whether it is physical , emotional or even both
and i say that &apos;s good .
adversity is not an obstacle that we have to go around to better cope with our lives .
adversity is simply part of our life .
and i tend to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he is very present , sometimes he is barely visible , but he is always with me .
and i do not want to reduce the impact or the severity of a person &apos;s fight .
there are adversities and challenges in life , and they are all too real and each person is treated differently . but the question is not whether we get along with adversity or not , but how we handle it .
so , not only are we responsible for protecting the people we love from fatalities , but also preparing them to deal with them well .
and we do not please our children if we make them feel they can not adapt .
there are two things that must be clearly separated: firstly , the medical fact of being amputated and , secondly , the social opinion about whether i am disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and lasting disability i have had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks that it can describe me with these definitions .
in our desire to protect the people we care about and share with them the cold , harsh truth about their medical prognosis , or even to forecast the quality of life that awaits them , we need to be careful that we do not lay the groundwork for it that someone is actually disabled .
perhaps the current concept , which only looks at what is broken in one , and how we fix it , is more disabling for everyone than the pathology itself .
if we do not treat a person holistically , and do not perceive and acknowledge all of his or her powers and potential , we create another illness in addition to the natural struggle that they may have to wage .
we degrade a person who has value for our society .
so we need to look beyond patology and focus on all areas of human potential .
most importantly , there is a connection between the perception of our shortcomings and our great ingenuity .
we should not devalue or deny these challenging times , we should neither try to avoid them , nor should we sweep them under the carpet , but it is about identifying opportunities in the adversities .
i may be more concerned with clarifying that we do not necessarily have to overcome adversity , but that we are open to embrace them , to put them on their toes and even to use a fight expression and maybe even to dance with it ,
and maybe we manage to see adversities as something natural , coherent and useful , and thus feel less burdened by their presence .
this year we celebrate the 200th birthday of charles darwin and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin pointed out , in my eyes , something very true in the human character .
i would put it this way: not the strongest of its kind survives , nor is it the most intelligent of its kind , but the one who can best adapt to changes .
conflicts create creativity .
not only from darwin &apos;s work do we know that man &apos;s ability to survive and flourish is determined by the struggle of the human mind to change through conflict .
so , again , change and adaptation are the greatest abilities of man .
and maybe we only know from what wood we are carved , when we are really tested .
perhaps this is precisely the sense of adversity , a sense of self , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like that .
we can give a new meaning to adversity that goes beyond hard times .
maybe we can see adversity as a change .
adversity represents a change we have not yet adapted to .
i think the biggest harm we &apos;ve done to ourselves is believing that we should be normal .
let &apos;s face it - who is normal?
there is no normal .
there is the usual . the typical . but not the normal one . and would you really want to meet this poor , gray person , if they really existed?
i do not think so  .
it would be great to be able to exchange this pattern of normality for another of the possibilities , or the strength to even make it a little more dangerous . so we can unleash the power of a great many children and invite them to bring their very special and valuable skills to society .
anthropologists have found out that we have always demanded of people from members of our society one thing: to be useful and to make a contribution .
there is evidence that neanderthals were already carrying older people and people with severe physical injuries 60,000 years ago , and maybe that was because the life experience in these people &apos;s survival struggle was valuable to society:
they did not consider these people as broken and useless; they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , in the town where i grew up , i went to a food market in that &quot; red zone &quot; in northeastern pennsylvania , and i stood there in front of a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i had shorts on .
and i hear , as a guy says behind me , &quot; well , if that is not aimee mullins . &quot;
and i turn around and see this older man . i had no idea who he is .
and i said , &quot; sorry , sir , do we know each other? i can not remember them . &quot;
and he said , &quot; well , they should hardly remember me .
when i saw her for the first time , i got her out of her mother &apos;s belly .  &quot;
oh , so that .
and of course it was clicked .
that was dr . kean , a man i knew only from my mother &apos;s tales about this day , because of course , quite typically , i came two weeks late for my birthday .
my mother &apos;s prenatal diagnosis doctor was on vacation , so my parents did not know the man who brought me to the world .
and because i was born without my calf , and my feet were directed at them , and i had only a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the bearer , this stranger had to deliver the bad news .
he said to me: &quot; i had to tell your parents that you would never run , and never be as mobile as other children , or that you could never lead an independent life , and since then they have simply punished me . &quot;
i found it really extraordinary that he collected newspaper clippings of my entire childhood , no matter if i had won in a second-grade spelling competition , whether i was on halloween with the scouts at the parade , no matter if i got my scholarship or one of my victorious victories , and he used these excerpts to teach his students , medical students from hahnemann medical school and hershey medical school .
and he called this part of his course the x factor , the potential of the human will .
you simply can not emphasize enough how crucial this factor can be for a person &apos;s quality of life .
and dr . kean continued , he said , &quot; i &apos;ve learned that children , if they &apos;re not constantly told otherwise , and even if they get only a little support , if children are left to themselves , then children can achieve a lot .&quot;  ;
you see , dr . kean has changed his thinking .
he had understood that the medical diagnosis , and how someone deals with it , are two different things .
and also i have changed my thinking over time , if you had asked me at the age of fifteen , if i had exchanged my prosthetic legs for legs and legs , then i would not have hesitated for a second .
i really wanted to look normal then .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .
and that happened because i experienced something with my legs and not despite these experiences .
and maybe this change could happen because i met so many people who opened my doors instead of meeting people who wanted to limit me or put me in the picture .
you see , it really only takes one person to demonstrate to them how they can manifest their powers and they are through .
if you enable someone to activate your own inner powers - the human mind is so receptive - if you can do that and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , then you are a very good teacher for these people .
they teach them to open their doors .
the actual meaning of the word &quot; educate &quot; rooted in the word &quot; educe &quot; ,
it means producing something that is in one , the potential to tease out .
again: what potential do we want to retrieve now?
a case study was conducted in the uk in the 1960s . at that time , high schools were converted into secondary schools .
they call that &quot; streaming trials &quot; in the us , we call this &quot; tracking &quot; ,
the students are divided according to grades .
and the students are more heavily orally tested , get the better teachers , etc .
you then have a three-month period of study with a &quot; sufficient &quot; the note &quot; very good &quot; given . they were told they were bad , that they were very smart . and after these three months , they really wrote one .
and , of course , it breaks one &apos;s heart to hear that , conversely , the one-students were told they were only adequate .
and that &apos;s how it was after the three months , too .
but only those who were still in school apart from the students who had dropped out of school .
the decisive factor in this study was that the teachers were not initiated .
the teachers did not know that something had changed .
they were simply told that they were the one-and-one students and that the students with the note are sufficient . and that &apos;s how they taught them and treated them .
the only real disability is a broken mind a spirit that has been broken has no hope anymore . he does not find anything nice anymore . he lacks our natural , childlike curiosity . and our innate ability of imagination .
but if we manage to support the human spirit , to continue to hope , to find ourselves and other people around , to be curious and imaginative , then we will really use our powers in a positive way .
when a mind has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new forms of being .
i would like to conclude with a poem written by a persian poet called hafiz in the 14th century , about which my friend jacques dembois told me . and the poem means &quot; the god who knows only four words . &quot; &quot; every child knows god , not the god of names , not the god of prohibitions , but the god who only knows four words and constantly repeats them , he always says only: come , dance with me . &quot;
come dance with me  . many thanks  .
how would you like to be better than you are right now?
suppose , i said that with a few changes in your genes , you could have a better memory - more accurate , more accurate and faster .
or do you want to be fitter , stronger , have more power .
do you want to become more attractive and self-confident?
how about living longer with good health?
or maybe you are one of those who have always longed for more creativity .
which one would you like the most?
which one would you like to have if she could have one?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity?
raise your hands . let me see  .
a few . probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that is very good .
how many would choose for a good memory?
a few more .
how about fitness?
a few less .
what about longevity?
ah , the majority . i like that , as a doctor .
if only they could have one , it would be a different world .
is this all just imagination?
or is it possible?
evolution has been an ongoing theme here at the ted conference , but today i want to give you the view of a doctor on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , t .g . dobzhansky , who was also a communicator in the russian orthodox church , once wrote an essay entitled &quot; nothing in biology makes any sense except in the light of evolution . &quot;
well , if you are one of those who do not accept proof of biological evolution , this would be a good time to turn off your hearing aid , take your personal communication device - i give you the permission - and maybe you can take another look kathryn schultz  &apos;; to throw a book , which is about being wrong , because nothing in the further course of this speech will make any sense for them .
but if you accept biological evolution , consider the following: is it just the past , or is it also about the future?
is it valid or is it affecting us?
this is another look at the tree of life .
in this picture , i put a bush as a center of branches in all directions , because when looking at the edges of the tree of life , all existing species at the tips of these branches have succeeded in evolutionary terms: they have survived; it has demonstrated fitness and strength to its surroundings .
the human part of this bush , far to the end , of course , is what we are most interested in .
we branch from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in this period , there were maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids .
some came and went .
we have been here for about 130,000 years .
it seems we are quite isolated from the other parts of the tree of life , but for the most part , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can benefit from this and requisition the mechanisms of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetics?
this is not like human insulin; this is the same protein that is chemically indistinguishable from what comes out of the pancreas .
and while we &apos;re talking about bacteria , are you aware that each one of us in our bowel carries more bacteria than there are cells in the rest of our body?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , do you think , when antony damasio asks for her self-image , do you think about the bacteria?
our intestine is a wonderfully hospitable environment for these bacteria .
it is warm , it is dark , it is humid , it is very cozy .
and you will provide them with all the nutrients they could wish for without effort on their part .
it is really an easy way for bacteria , with occasional interruptions of the unintentional , ever forced bump to the exit .
but otherwise , they are a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as they are important to their lives .
they help in the digestion of essential nutrients . and they protect you against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future?
are we in an evolutionary equilibrium in the form of a species?
or are we destined to become something else - something that may even be better adapted to the environment?
now let us take a step back to the time of the big bang 14 billion years ago - the earth , the solar system , about four and a half billion years ago - the first signs of life , maybe three to four billion years on earth - the first several cellular organisms , perhaps as much as 800 or a billion years ago - and then the human species , which eventually forms over the last 130,000 years .
in this vast unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is short-lived; the animal kingdom , like a single stroke; and human life , a little note ornament .
that was us .
this is also the entertainment value of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first biology classes .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i realized something very fundamental: in most of the existence of life in unicellular organisms , each cell splits , and all the genetic information of the cell is passed on in both daughter cells .
but by the time multicellular organisms appeared , things began to change .
sexual reproduction comes into the picture .
and most importantly , with the introduction of the sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , one could say that the inevitable death of our body in evolution occurs at the same time as sexual reproduction .
now i have to admit , when i was a college student , i thought , okay , sex / death , sex / death , death for sex - it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every passing year , my growing doubts have come ,
i came to understand the feelings of george burns , who performed his show in las vegas in the 90 &apos;s .
and one night , there &apos;s a knock on his hotel room door .
he opens the door  .
in front of him is a beautifully scantily dressed showgirl .
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for super sex . &quot;
 &quot; that &apos;s wonderful  &quot; says george , &quot; i &apos;ll take the soup . &quot;
i came to the realization as a doctor that i worked towards a goal that was different from the goal of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , just different .
i tried to save the body .
i wanted to keep ourselves healthy .
i wanted to restore my health after illness .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about passing the genome on to the next generation , adapting and surviving generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are developed like booster rockets to send the genetic cargo to the next level of the orbit and then drop into the sea .
i think we would all understand the mood that woody expressed to everyone when he said , &quot; i do not want to be immortal through my work .
i want to achieve it by not dying .  &quot;
evolution does not necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
it does not necessarily privilege the biggest , the strongest or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution privileges the creatures that best adapt to their environment .
it is only the test of survival and success
on the ocean floor there are bacteria that are thermophilic and thus survive the hot steam otherwise , if fish were there , it would result in vacuum cooked fish , yet they managed to make there a habitable environment for themselves .
so , what does that mean when we look back on what happens in evolution , and how we think about the place of humans in evolution , and most importantly how we look ahead to the next phase , i would say it &apos;s a series of possibilities there .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we have reached a kind of balance .
and the reasons for that would be that , first of all , through medicine , we managed to get a lot of genes that would otherwise have been eliminated and removed from the population .
and secondly , we as a special have configured our environment so that we have managed to adapt to it exactly as we adapt to it
and by the way , we walk and circulate and mingle so much that they can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to take place .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional kind , of course , imposed by the forces of nature .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly grinding but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , as we colonize distant planets as species , there will be isolation and the changes in the environment that evolution could naturally produce .
but there is a third possibility , a tantalizing , fascinating and frightening possibility
i call it neo-evolution - the new development that is not simply natural , but guided and decided by us as individuals . in the decisions we make .
well , how could that happen?
how could it be possible for us to do this?
first of all , let &apos;s look at the reality that people are making decisions about their descendants in some cultures today .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it is not necessarily good for the society , but it is what decides the individual and the family .
so think , if it were not only possible to choose the sex of your child but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would cure and prevent illnesses .
what if you could make the genetic changes to eradicate diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s disease , or reduce your cancer risk or eliminate stroke?
would not you want to make these changes in your genes?
as we look ahead , these kinds of changes will be increasingly possible .
the human genome project began in 1990 and took 13 years to complete .
it cost $ 2.7 billion .
the following year , when it was finished in 2004 , they could do the same for $ 20 million in three to four months .
today you can complete a sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost of about $ 20,000 and in the space of about a week .
it will not be long before the reality is that there will be the $ 1,000 human genome , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
a week ago , the national academy of engineering awarded the draper prize to francis arnold and willem stemmer , two scientists who independently developed techniques that encourage evolution &apos;s natural process to work faster and lead to desirable proteins in a more efficient manner - which frances arnold &quot; direct evolution &quot; is called  .
a few years ago , the lasker prize was awarded to scientist shinya yamanaka for his research in which he took an adult skin cell , a fibroblast , and by manipulating only four genes that induced cell to lead them to a pluripotent stem cell - one cell potentially capable of becoming any cell in your body .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that produces human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but can also serve to immunity to other viruses .
believe it or not , it is an experimental study in progress with vaccine against influenza grown in the cells of a tobacco plant .
can you imagine something good coming from tobacco?
this is all reality today and much more will be possible in the future .
then imagine only two other minor changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants?
what if you could change the sperm and egg cells or the freshly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance of a healthier life - eliminating diabetes , eliminating hemophilia , reducing the risk of cancer?
who does not want healthier children?
and then the analytic technique , the same motor of science that can enable the changes to prevent disease , could also enable us to adopt adopt super-attributes , hyper-capacities - the better memory .
why have not you had the wit of a ken jenning , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the watson machine?
why not have the fast muscle fibers that will enable them to run faster and longer?
why not live longer?
these will be irresistible .
and when we are in a position where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we will be transformed from old-style evolution to neo-evolution .
we will have a process that may typically take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years - and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are the decisions that your grandchildren , or their grandchildren , must deal with .
do we use these decisions to shape a society that is better , more successful , friendlier?
or will we selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us and not for others?
will we form a society that is more boring and uniformed , or more robust and versatile?
these are the kinds of questions we have to face .
and at the deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom and master the wisdom that we will need to make these decisions wisely?
good and bad , and sooner than you might think these decisions will be up to us .
thank you  .
i want you to imagine something , a portable robot that gives you superhuman abilities , or another that helps wheelchair users get back up and walking .
we at berkeley bionics call these robots exoskeletons .
they are nothing else than something that you put on in the morning and that adds strength to you and that will further increase your speed and help you , for example , keep your balance .
that is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only that - they merge and network with the universe and other devices out there .
this is not just a crazy idea .
to show you now what we are working on , we start by talking about the american soldier , who carries on average about 100 pounds on his back , and there is a request that they should carry more equipment .
of course , this leads to some major complications - back injuries , 30 percent of them - chronic back injuries .
so we figured we would take on this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
let me introduce you to hulc - or the human universal load carrier .
soldier: with the hulc exoskeleton i can carry 200 pounds over various terrain , many hours long .
its flexible design allows you to squat down , crawl and perform highly agile movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this new exoskeleton this year with our industrial partner of this device .
it is true .
now let &apos;s take a look at the wheelchair users , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people in the wheelchair who are valued worldwide .
that &apos;s about one percent of the total population .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people with spinal cord injuries who were struck by fate in the flowering years of their lives - 20s , 30s , 40s - and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it is also about the aging population , whose number multiplies .
and pretty much the only option - when it comes to a stroke or other complications - is the wheelchair .
and that &apos;s the way it has been for 500 years , since , as i have to say , its a very successful launch .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter on mobility .
let me now introduce you to elegs , worn by amanda boxtel , who suffered a spinal cord injury 19 years ago , as a result of which she has not been able to walk for 19 years and until now .
many thanks  .
as i said , amanda wears our elegs .
it has sensors -
its completely non-invasive sensors in the crutches , the signals sent back to our onboard computer , which is attached here on her back .
there are also battery packs here , the motor drive is on your hips , as well as on your knee joints , which move you forward in this fairly supple and very natural way .
i was 24 years old and in the best of shape , as a monstrous purl tree while a ski run paralyzed me .
in the fraction of a second , i lost every emotion and every movement below my pool .
not long after , a doctor walked into my sickroom and said , &quot; amanda , you will never be able to walk again . &quot;
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every spark of hope from my consciousness .
adaptive technologies have since enabled me to learn to ski again , to climb and even to ride my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go , until now .
many thanks  .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and discuss .
it is in our hands and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations - not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all wheelchair users , but for all .
many thanks  .
at home in new york , i am head of the development department of a non-profit organization called robin hood .
if i do not fight poverty , i fight as a mate of a fire brigade captain at a voluntary deletion fire .
well , in our city , where volunteers support a highly skilled fire department , you have to be at the fire department fairly early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the fire site , so i had quite good chances to get in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the responsible captain and find out what our tasks would be .
when i found the captain , he had just entered into a very serious conversation with the homeowner , who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night and she was standing in her pajamas and barefoot under a screen outside in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer who arrived just before me - let &apos;s call him lex luther - arrived at the first man and was asked to go into the house and rescue the owner &apos;s dog .
the dog ! i was speechless with envy .
there was some lawyer or asset manager who could tell people for the rest of his life that he was going to a burning house to save a creature just because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was the next one .
the captain waved me to him .
he said , &quot; bezos , you have to go into the house .
you have to go upstairs , past the fire , and get some shoes for this woman .  &quot;
i swear  .
well , not exactly what i was hoping for , but i started walking - up the stairs , down the hall , to the &quot; real&quot;  ones; firefighters who were already pretty much done with the clearing at that time , in the bedroom to get some shoes .
i know what you think now , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i carried my prey back down to where i met my enemy and met the beloved dog at the front door .
we carried our treasures out to the homeowner , where , not surprisingly , his much more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the fire station received a letter from the homeowner thanking her for her valiant efforts to rescue her home .
an above all appreciated friendliness: someone had even brought her some shoes .
both in my job at robin hood and in my part time as a volunteer firefighter , i am a witness of generosity and friendliness on a large scale , but i also see acts of charity and courage of individuals .
and do you know what i have learned?
they are all important .
so , if i look around the room and see people who have either achieved a noteworthy success or are on their way there , i would like to offer the following reminder: do not wait .
do not wait to make a difference in someone else &apos;s life until you reach your first million .
if they have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save the life of a human , but every day gives us the opportunity to change one .
so they set off; save the shoes .
many thanks  .
bruno guissani: mark , mark , come back .
many thanks  .
i have just come back from a community that knows the secret of the continuation of humanity .
a place where women lead the scepter with sex  &apos;; hello  &apos;; say , and game determines the day - where fun is a serious matter .
and no , it &apos;s not burning man or san francisco .
my ladies and gentlemen , their relatives .
this is the world of wild bonobos in the jungle of kongo .
bonobos , together with chimpanzees , are our closest living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggressiveness .
but , unfortunately , we have over-emphasized this aspect in the narrative of human evolution .
but bonobos show us the other side of the medal
while chimpanzees are led by big , scary people , the bonobo society is run by empowered females .
they have really come up with something , because that leads to a very tolerant society in which deadly violence has not been observed so far .
but unfortunately bonobos are least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the congolese jungle , and are difficult to access .
the congo is a paradox - a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself - the scene of a violent conflict that has been raging for decades and has claimed almost as many lives as the first world war .
it is not surprising that this destruction also endangers the bonobos &apos; survival .
meat trading and the decline of tree population means that you can not even fill a stadium with the remaining bonobos - and even then we are not sure , to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , one can hear a hidden laugh that shakes the trees .
who are these relatives?
we know it as &quot; love instead of war &quot; monkeys , because they have frequent , even bisexual sex , with changing partners , and so settle conflicts and social issues .
i am not saying that is the answer to all humanitarian problems - because the life of the bonobos consists of more than the kama sutra .
bonobos - like humans - love to play their lives for a long time .
game does not just mean playing with children .
for us and her , playing is fundamental to building relationships and maintaining tolerance .
we learn confidence and the rules of the game .
play increases creativity and resilience , and it is above all about the creation of diversity - variety of interactions , diversity of behavior , variety of connections .
and when you watch bonobos playing , you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance , and rituals .
play is the putty that keeps us together .
well , i do not know how they play , but i want to show you some unique shots straight out of the wilds .
first a ball game on bonobo-style - and i do not think about football .
so here we see a young female and male in a chase game .
look at what she does .
that could be the evolutionary origin of: &quot; she grabs him by the eggs . &quot;
only that i think he likes it more , does not it?
yes !
sex games are so common , both bonobos and humans .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows - and this video is really interesting , because it shows the wealth of ideas , with the new elements in the game brings - like the testicles - and also , as the game requires both trust and also promotes - while at the same time makes tremendous fun .
but the game is a shapeshifter .
play is a shapeshifter and it can take on many forms , some of which are a little quieter , imaginative , curious - perhaps to rediscover astonishment .
and i want to show you this is fuku , a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think , like us , we sometimes play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this playful curiosity that lets us explore and interact . and the unexpected links that we form are the real breeding ground of creativity .
this is only a small taste of the insights that bonobos give us in our past and present .
but they also keep a secret for our future , a future in which we need to adapt to increasing challenges , greater creativity and greater cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , play is our adaptation joker .
in order to successfully adapt to an unstable world , we have to play .
but will we make the most of our play-instinct?
game is not silly,
but essential .
for bonobos and humans alike , life does not consist of teeth and stealing alone .
when it seems hardly appropriate , game is perhaps the most necessary .
and therefore , my primate mates , let us embrace and play together this gift of evolution as we rediscover creativity , camaraderie , and amazement .
thank you  .
i would like you to introduce yourself two couples , in the middle of 1979 , on the very same day , at the exact same moment , each bears a baby - okay .
so two couples , each testifies a baby .
now i do not want you to spend too much time imagining the generation , because if you imagine the generation all the time , you will not listen to me .
imagine that only for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in one case the sperm carries a y-chromosome that hits the x chromosome of the egg .
and in the other case , the sperm carries an x ​​chromosome that hits the x chromosome of the egg .
both are capable of survival , both ignite .
we will come back to these people later .
i have two hats on most of my activities .
under a hat , i deal with the history of the anatomy .
i am a graduate in history , and in this case i study how people deal with anatomy - i . human bodies , animal bodies - how they dealt with bodily fluids , with body concepts; as they thought about bodies .
the other hat i have worn in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate - or , as i sometimes say , an impatient solicitor - of people who are patients of doctors .
in this case , i have worked with people who have body types that question social norms .
for example , i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
i worked with people with dwarfism - people who were smaller than usual .
and very often i have worked with intersex people whose sex is atypical - that is , people who do not have the average male or female body type .
and as a general term we can use the word intersexuality .
intersexuality occurs in many different forms .
i &apos;ll give you just a few examples of the possible types of gender variants that do not conform to the male or female standard .
in one case you may have someone with an xy chromosome base , and the syst gen of the y chomosome makes the protogonads , which we all have fetal stage , grow into testicles .
and that is why the testes release testosterone at the fetal stage .
but because this individual lacks the receptors to detect testosterone , the body does not respond to the testosterone .
and that &apos;s called an androgen receptor defect .
so much testosterone , but no reaction to it .
as a consequence , the body evolves more in line with the typical female pattern .
when the child is born , it looks like a girl .
she is a girl . she is educated as a girl .
but it usually lasts until she reaches puberty and her breasts grow and develop , but she does not get her period until someone comes to the conclusion that there is something different here .
and they do a few tests and find out that instead of eggs and uterus , they actually carry testicles and that they have a chromosome .
it is important to understand that this person might actually be male , but they are not really .
women , like men , have something in our bodies called adrenaline glands .
they are in the back part of our body .
and the adrenals produce androgens , which are virilizing hormones .
most women , like me - i think being a typical woman - i do not know my actual chromosome construction , but i think i probably have the most typical - most women like me actually respond to androgenic .
we produce androgen and we respond to androgens .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that was more androgenic than a woman who was born with testicles and has an androgen receptor defect .
sex is really complicated; intersexuals are not only in the middle of the gender spectrum - in a sense , they can be spread across the entire bandwidth,
another example: a few years ago , i received a call from a 19-year-old man who was born a boy , raised a boy , had a girlfriend , had sex with his girlfriend , lived as a man , and he had just found out that he was had ovaries and a uterus .
he had an extreme form of a congenital adrenocortical hyperbole .
he has xx chromosomes , and in the womb , his adrenals were so active that they essentially created a male hormone environment .
and as a consequence , his genitals became masculine , his brain exposed to the more typical male part of the hormonal spectrum .
and when he was born he looked like a boy - no one suspected anything .
and only when he turned 19 did he get enough medical problems , in fact because he internally menstruated , that the doctors found out that he was female inside .
okay , just a quick example of a variant of intersex .
some people with xx chromosomes develop something called ovotestis , where ovarian tissue is encased in testicular tissue .
we do not know exactly why that happens .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason why children with this type of body - be it adult or siamese twins or intersex - is often adapted to the standard by surgeons is not because it would be beneficial to their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why they often undergo various types of surgical intervention is because they threaten our social categories .
our system is typically based on the idea that a particular anatomical form is associated with a particular identity .
so we have the concept of being a woman means having a female identity; being a black person is said to have an african anatomy in view of your own story .
so we have this terribly simplistic idea .
and when we are confronted with a body that really is something very different for us , it confuses us in terms of those categorizations .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how startling it is when children are born who are two persons in one body,
where lately i had the most excitement was the south african runner caster semenya last year whose gender was questioned at the leichatlethik world championship in berlin .
many journalists called me with the question: &quot; what test will you do that tells us whether caster semenya is female or male? &quot;
and i had to explain to journalists that this test does not exist .
we now know that sex is complicated enough , that we have to admit that for us nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and intersex and female and intersex; in the main we are the ones who pretend that dividing line as natural .
so we have such a situation where , as our science progresses , we have to acknowledge all the more that these categories , which we have considered to be stable anatomical categories , which produced very simple associations to create lasting identity categories , are much blurred as we assumed .
and that &apos;s not just about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be much more complicated than our terminology has allowed .
in our considerations , we get into all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
for example , we come across the fact that we share at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
what should we do with the fact that we differ from them only by a few nucleotides?
as we continue to advance our science , we are increasingly entering a zone of discomfort where we must acknowledge that the simplistic categories we had were all too simplistic .
we see this in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas in which we see this , for example , in our culture today , in today &apos;s united states , are the struggles over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about the point at which a body becomes human , so that it has another right than the fetal life .
nowadays , we have very difficult arguments - perhaps not as public as in medicine - about the question of when someone is dead .
our ancestors never used to struggle with the question of when someone was dead .
at most , they held someone under their noses , and if they moved , they have not yet buried them .
if she stopped moving , she was buried .
but today we find ourselves in a situation where we want to remove people &apos;s vital organs and transplant them to other people .
and as a result we get caught up in the fight with the really tough question of when someone is dead . and that puts us in a really difficult position where we do not have as simple categories as we used to .
now you might think that the whole breakdown of categories would really make someone like me happy .
i am politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are really much more insecure than we thought makes me tense .
and it makes me tense with regard to considerations concerning democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i have to confess first that i &apos;m a big fan of founding fathers .
i know they were racist , i know they were sexists , but they were great .
i think they were so brave and strong and so radical in what they did that every couple of years i catch sight of the lumpy musical 1776 , and it &apos;s not because of the music that &apos;s absolutely forgotten .
it is because of what happened in 1776 with the founding fathers .
in my opinion , the founding fathers were the original anatomical activists , and that is why .
what they rejected was an anatomical concept , and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful , and that was relevant to us for 200 years .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of monarchy . and the monarchy was based on a very simplified concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on the dna , but they had a concept of the right of birth .
they had a blue blood concept .
they were of the opinion that people who had political power should have this political power because of the inherited bloodline from grandfather to father to son and so on .
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new anatomical concept , and that concept said that all men were created equal .
they leveled the playing field and decided that , anatomically speaking , the similarities did not count the differences . and that was very radical .
now they did that because they were part of an enlightenment system in which two things grew together .
democracy was growing , but at the same time science was also growing .
if you look at the founding fathers &apos; story , it becomes clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a naturalistic world .
they went away from explanations of a supernatural nature , rejecting things like a supernatural concept of power , where the transfer is based on a very vague concept of birth right .
they moved towards a naturalistic concept .
and when you look at the declaration of independence , for example , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
they do not talk about god and the nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of that they gave us a concept of anatomical similarities .
and with that , they have wonderfully prepared the future civil rights movement .
they did not think so , but what they did for us was great .
so what happened next year?
for example , women who sought the right to vote , the concept of founding fathers , who says anatomical togetherness is more important than the anatomical difference , and said , &quot; that we have a uterus and ovaries is not significant enough as a difference that we do not should have the right to the right to full citizenship , to own the right property , etc , etc .  &quot;
and women argued that successfully .
next came the successful civil rights movement , where we saw people like sojourner truth , who spoke about it ,  &quot; am i not a woman? &quot;
we find men marching in the ranks of the civil rights movement who say , &quot; i am a man . &quot;
again , people of different skin color who rely on anatomical similarities before anatomical differences , again , succeed .
we see the same in the disability rights movement .
of course , the problem is that as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to question why we maintain certain separations .
now , mind you , i want to maintain certain divisions , anatomically speaking , in our culture .
for example , i do not want to give a fish the same rights as a human being .
i do not want to say that we should completely distance ourselves from the anatomy .
i do not want to say that 5 year olds should have the right to give their consent to sex or to marry .
so there are some anatomical divisions that make sense to me , and which i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to find out who they are and why we keep them and if they make sense .
so let &apos;s get back to those two beings who were conceived at the beginning of the lecture .
we have two beings , both in the middle of 1979 , begotten in exactly the same day .
imagine that one of them , maria , was born prematurely three months ago , so she was born on 1 june 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born on the birth date , so he was born on 1 march 1980,
just because of the fact that maria was born three months early , she gains all possible rights three months before heinrich - to have the right consensual sex , the right to choose , the right to drink .
heinrich has to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of the time of his birth .
we find other oddities regarding what your rights are .
heinrich , assuming he is male - although i did not tell you he &apos;s the one with xy - assuming he &apos;s male , he can now be confiscated , something maria does not have to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , can not exercise the same rights in all federal states that heinrich has in all states , and indeed the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in every state , but today maria can only marry a woman in a few states .
so we have these permanent anatomical categories that are in many respects problematic and questionable .
and for me , the question arises: what will we do as our science makes such progress in anatomy that we reach a point where we have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could fall apart?
i do not want to give up science , but at the same time it sometimes feels like science is becoming self-reliant .
where are we going?
it seems that our culture takes on a kind of pragmatic attitude: &quot; well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so we draw it somewhere &quot;
but a lot of people get caught in a very strange position .
so , for example , at one point texas decided that marrying a man means you do not have a y chromosome , and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
now , in practice , people are not being tested for their chromosomes .
but it is also very bizarre , because of the story i first told them about the androgen receptor defect .
if we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr . martin luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; a kind of solution .
he says that we should not treat people according to &quot; their skin color , but according to the property of their character &quot; judge , and so goes beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , &quot; yes , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice?
how do you judge people based on their characteristics?
i would also like to point out that i am not sure that we should distribute human rights in such a way because i have to admit that i know a number of golden retrievers who are likely to earn social benefits rather than some i know .
i &apos;d like to say that i probably also know some bright labrador dogs who are more capable of making more informed , smarter , and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than some 40-year-olds i know .
so how should we operationalize the question about the properties of the character?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me wonders what if the content of a personality was something that would be machine-readable in the future - could be visualized using fmri?
do we really want to go in this direction?
i &apos;m not sure where we &apos;re going .
what i know is that it really seems important to think about the idea that the usa is the leader in thinking about issues of democracy .
in our quest for democracy , we have done our job really well , and i think we would do well in the future .
we do not have the situation , as is the case in iran , for example , where a man sexually attracted to other men is punished with death unless he is ready to undergo gender reassignment , in which case he may stay alive .
conditions of this kind do not exist with us .
i am glad to say that we do not have these conditions - a surgeon whom i spoke with a few years ago , who had brought along a pair of siamese twins to separate them , in part to make a name for themselves .
but when i phoned him and asked him why he made these interventions - they were high-risk operations - his response was that in his country , those kids would be treated very badly , and so he had to do it .
i answered him , &quot; now you have considered political asylum rather than an operation to separate it? &quot;
the united states offer incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without having to change for the sake of the state .
that &apos;s why i think we have to be leaders .
well , just to finish , i &apos;d like to say that i talked a lot about the fathers .
and i would like to think about the possibilities democracy might look like , or might have looked like , if we had more mothers involved .
and i want to say something that is a bit radical to a feminist , and i think that there could be different types of insights that come from different types of anatomy , especially when people use group thinking .
for years , because i was interested in intersexuality , i was also interested in research on gender differences .
and one of the things that i found really interesting is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and act in the world .
what we have learned from cross-cultural studies is that women , on average - not every , but on average - are more likely to pay close attention to complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable within the group .
and therefore , when we think about it we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was doing postgraduate studies , one of my supervisors who knew my interest in feminism asked me - i consider myself a feminist , so it still does - a really peculiar question .
he said , &quot; tell me what feminine feminine is . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the stupidest question i &apos;ve ever heard .
feminism is about eliminating clichés about gender , so feminism is not feminine .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought that there could be something feminine in feminism .
that is to say , there could be something , on average , that distinguishes female brains from male ones , which makes us more attentive to highly complex social relationships , and more attentive to caring for the vulnerable .
so , if the founding fathers were extremely wary of figuring out how individuals could be protected from the state , it &apos;s possible that if we brought more mothers into that concept , we &apos;d get more conceptually , not just how to protect , but how we could protect each other can provide .
and maybe that &apos;s where we have to go in the future , if we &apos;re going to bring democracy beyond anatomy - less thinking about the individual body in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
so if we try to make a more perfect connection as a people , we think about what we can do for each other .
many thanks  .
i &apos;m jessi and this is my suitcase .
but before i show them what i have in them , i will make a very public confession , and that is: i am obsessed with outfits .
i love to find , wear , and lately take pictures and blogging for every occasion , a colorful , crazy outfit .
but i do not buy anything new .
i get all my clothes second-hand on flea markets and in second-hand shops .
ooh , thank you .
second-hand shopping allows me to reduce the impact of my wardrobe on the environment and also on my purse .
i meet all kinds of great people; my dollars usually serve a good purpose; i look pretty unique; and it makes shopping my very own treasure hunt .
i mean , what will i find today?
will it be my size?
will i like the color?
will it cost less than $ 20?
if all the answers are yes , i feel as if i have won .
i &apos;ll come back to my suitcase and tell them what i &apos;ve packed here at ted for this exciting week .
i mean , what does anyone bring with so many outfits?
so i &apos;ll show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of underpants , and that &apos;s all .
underwear for exactly one week are all that i have done in my suitcase .
i was betting that i would find everything else i might want to wear once i got to palm springs .
and since you did not hear from me as the woman walking around in her underwear here at ted - that means i found some things .
and i really want to show you my outfits for this week .
does that sound good ?
as i do so , i will also give you some of the lessons that i believe , whether you believe it or not , that i have learned nothing new from these adventures .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call that the radiant tiger .
you do not have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than $ 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i &apos;ve worn in all this week .
monday: color is something powerful .
it is almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood wearing bright red pants .
when you &apos;re happy , you attract other happy people .
tuesday: adaptation is totally overrated .
i &apos;ve spent a lot of my life trying to be myself and adjusting at the same time .
just be who you are .
if you surround yourself with the right people , you will not only understand it , you will appreciate it .
wednesday: hug your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i &apos;m  &apos;; dress &apos;; or that i remind her of her seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday: confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it &apos;s almost like that .
and if they think that they are not looking good in something , they are probably right too .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day by day .
but it was only when i turned 30 that i really understood what that meant .
and i will summarize that for you shortly .
if you think you are a wonderful person inside and out , then there is nothing you can not carry .
so there is no excuse for someone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock everything we want .
many thanks  .
friday: a universal truth - five words: golden paillets match everything .
and finally , saturday: developing your own , unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about yourself without saying a word .
it has been proved to me time and time again , when people approached me during this week , just because of what i wore . and i had great talks .
obviously that will not fit in my tiny suitcase .
so , before i go home to brooklyn , i will donate it all again .
because the lesson i am trying to learn this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .
i do not have to emotionally cling to these things , because right around the corner there will always be another crazy , colorful , radiant outfit that will only wait for me if i have a little love in my heart and i &apos;m looking for it .
thank you very much  .
thank you very much  .
good day everybody  .
i have something here that i want to show you .
think of this as a visual point , as a flying picture point .
that &apos;s what we call perceptible design in our lab .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
if you take this picture now - i am originally italian , and every boy in italy grows up in his room with this picture . but the reason i am showing them this is that something very interesting happened in formula 1 over the past decades .
some time ago , when they wanted to win a formula 1 race , they took their budget and put their money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then they won the race .
nowadays , when you want to win a race , you really need something like this - something that the car monitors in real time , has a few thousand sensors , transmits the information from the car , passes that information on to the system and then processes it they then use this to send back decisions to this car and change things in real time while information is collected .
in engineering teams , you would call this a real-time control system .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that consists of two parts - a sensing part and a reacting part .
what is interesting these days is the real-time control systems starting to emerge in our lives .
our cities have just been equipped with networks and electronics in the last few years .
you become a computer outdoors .
and as computers in the open , they begin to respond in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
when we make cities , that &apos;s actually a big deal .
by the way , i would like to mention that cities are only two percent of the surface of the earth , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population live there .
they account for 75 percent of energy consumption - causing up to 80 percent of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
beyond the cities , all of this senses and drives into objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition that paola antonelli organizes for moma later in the year , during the summer .
it means , &quot; talk to me . &quot;
well , all our objects , our environment , are beginning to speak back to us .
in a sense , it &apos;s almost as if every atom out there becomes both a sensor and a driver .
and that radically changes the interaction we humans have with our environment outside .
in a sense , it &apos;s almost as if the old dream of michelangelo  . . .
do you know , when michelangelo shaped the moses , it is said that he took the hammer in the end and threw it on moses - in fact , you can still see a small spot underneath - and said , called , &quot; perché non parli , why are you talking not ?  &quot;
now , today , our environment is beginning to respond to us for the very first time .
i will just show you some examples - again , with the idea to perceive our environment and to drive .
let us begin to perceive .
now the first project that i would like to introduce to you is in truth one of the first of our laboratory .
it was born in italy four and a half years ago .
and what we did was actually use a new kind of network that was used around the world - that &apos;s a mobile phone network - and to use anonymous and aggregated information from that network , which is collected anyway by the operator to understand how the city works .
the summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won the world cup .
some of them will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then in the end zidane , the head butt .
and anyway , italy has won in the end
now look at what happened on that day , just watching the activity happening in the network .
here you can see the city .
in the middle you can see the coliseum , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see the timeline above .
early afternoon , people here and there making calls and moving .
the game begins - to be silent .
france makes a gate . italy makes a goal .
half-time , people make a short call , go to restroom .
second halftime  . end of normal playing time .
first extension , second .
zidane , in an instant the head-butt .
italy wins . yeah .
now , this night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
they saw the big difference .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the winning team and the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went downstairs .
you will see the image of the circo massimo square , where , since roman times , people have come to celebrate - to have a great party and they see the end of the day .
well , that &apos;s just one example of how we can feel the city today , in a way we did not manage a few years ago .
another example of feeling for quick: this is not about people , but about things that we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know everything about where our things come from .
this is a card that shows you all the chips that make up a mac computer , how they came together .
but we know very little about where things are going .
so in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage as it goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who helped us a little over a year ago in seattle to mark the things they threw away - different kinds of things , as you can see - things they would throw away anyway .
then we glued the little chips , the little tags , on the garbage and started to track him .
here are the results we have just received .
from seattle  . . .
after a week  .
with this information we realized that there are a lot of inefficiencies in the system .
we can indeed do the same things with less energy .
the data was not available before .
but a lot of useless transports and complicated things happen .
but the other thing is that we believe that every day we see that the cup we throw away does not just disappear , that it is still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we throw away every day is still there .
and if we showed that to people , then we can drive a change of behavior .
so that &apos;s the reason for this project .
my colleague , assaf biderman , could tell you much more about this and the many other wonderful things you can do with it , but i would like to come to the second part that we discussed at the beginning and that is the activity of our environment .
and the first project is something we did a few years ago in zaragoza , spain .
it started with a question from the mayor who came to us saying that spain and southern europe have a nice tradition of using water as a part of architecture in public places .
and the question was: how could one connect technology , new technology with it?
and one of the ideas that were identified with in a workgroup was , imagine these hoses , and valves , solenoid valves , flaps that open and close .
they cause something like a water curtain with picture points of water .
if these pixels fall off , you can write on them , you can view patterns , pictures , text .
and they can approach him and he will open up to let them jump through , as you can see in this picture .
well , we presented the mayor belloch .
he really liked it .
and we got the order to design a building at the entrance of the expo .
we called it the digital water pavilion .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but when they approach , it will open and let them in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it &apos;s windy , if you want to reduce the splash , you can even lower the roof .
or you could close the building and the whole architecture will , as in this case , you know , these days , when you shut down the roof , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; they destroyed the building .&quot;  ;
no , they did not destroy the building , it &apos;s just that the architecture almost disappears .
here you can see how the building works .
you see the person wondering what &apos;s going on inside .
and here you can see me trying not to get wet when testing the sensors that opened the water .
well , i should tell them what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually it was even more fun that night .
all children from zaragoza came to the building because the way they played with the building was very different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump now without getting wet .
and that was very exciting for us , because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people use the things we design .
but the reality is always unpredictable .
and that &apos;s the beauty of creating things that are used and interacting with people .
here is a picture of the building with the physical picture points , the picture points of water and the projections on them .
and this is what made us think about the next project that i am showing them now .
imagine these picture points could really start to fly .
imagine , you could have small helicopters flying through the air , and each of them with a small image point with changing light - almost like a cloud that can move through space .
here is the video .
imagine a helicopter like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , completely in sync .
you can have this cloud .
you can have a kind of flexible screen or display , like this - a uniform formation in two dimensions .
or irregular but in three dimensions , in which what changes is the light , not the position of the image points .
you can play with different types .
imagine the screen could easily appear in different formats or sizes , in different resolutions .
but then all that could be just a 3d cloud of picture points to which they can approach and through which they can look , from many , many directions .
here you can see a real flyfire control that sinks down to form a uniform v like before .
when you turn on the light , it looks like this . just as we have seen before .
imagine that each one is controlled by people .
every single pixel could have an impulse coming from people , from people &apos;s movements or the like .
i want to show you something here first of all .
we worked with roberto bolle , one of the best ballet dancers of our time - the étoile at the metropolitan theater in new york and the scala in milan - we recorded his moves in 3d to use them as a boost for the flyfire .
here you can see roberto dancing .
on the left side you can see the picture points , the different impressions captured .
it &apos;s also a real-time 3d scan and a motion capture .
so they can understand the whole movement .
you can do that all the time .
but then , once we have all the picture points , you can play with them and play with gravitational and rotational motion with color movement .
we would like to use this as a possible impetus for the flyfire .
i would like to show you the latest project we are working on .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the london olympics .
it &apos;s called the cloud - the cloud .
again , imagine the idea that we involve people again to do something and to change the environment - almost as we call it , building in a cloud like moving a barn door , but with a cloud .
imagine that everyone can make a small donation for a picture point .
i think that the notable one of the events of recent years , the last decades , is that we have moved from a physical to a digital world .
that has digitized everything , know it , and made it accessible through the internet .
nowadays , for the first time - and obamas campaign has shown - we can move from digital world , from self-organizing forces of networks to physical world .
in our case that can be that we use it to design and create a symbol .
that is something that is built in the city .
but tomorrow is the time to face the coming challenges - think of climate change or co2 emissions - how can we then move from the digital world to the physical .
so the idea is that we actually involve the people in which they do things together , collectively .
the cloud is again a cloud of pixels , in the same way as a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of pixels .
it is a physical entity in london , but covered with imagery .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
in fact , you can look at them from below , share the key moments for olympic 2012 and beyond , and use it as a way of connecting with the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at the top of it , like london &apos;s new summit .
they can go inside .
and a kind of digital lighthouse at night - but most importantly , a new kind of experience for those who want to go to the top .
thank you  .
as an artist , the connection is very important to me .
through my work i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in the antarctic almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first icebergs .
i felt awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy , trying to grasp what was in front of me .
the icebergs around me stood almost 60 meters out of the water . and i could only marvel that this was a snowflake on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are born as calves of a glacier or by breaking out of ice floes .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact clearly with their environment and their experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can not stand it anymore and collapse in a fit of dramatic passion .
when looking at an iceberg , it is easy to think that they are isolated , separate and alone , much as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i breathe in its prehistoric atmosphere .
while the ice melts , it releases mineral-rich drinking water that nourishes many forms of life .
i take my pictures of these icebergs as if i were portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these individual moments they exist in that wise , and will never again exist like that .
it is not a death when they melt; it is not an end , but a continuation of your path along the life cycle .
part of the ice in the icebergs i photograph is very young - a few thousand years old .
and part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
the last pictures i would like to show you , show an iceberg , which i photographed in kekertsuatsiak in greenland .
very seldom does one actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here you can see it now .
on the left side you will see a small boat .
that &apos;s about five meters long .
please pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and where it is located on the waterline .
you can see here , he starts to roll , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
that &apos;s the average size of a greenland iceberg .
it protrudes about 120 feet out of the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you another side of his personality .
thank you  .
my life is really blessed by working on some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i &apos;ve ever worked on was this guy .
his name is tempt .
tempt was one of the leading graffiti artists of the 80s .
then , one day , he came back from running and said , &quot; paps , my legs are tingling . &quot;
and that was the outbreak of the .
tempt is completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes .
i stood opposite him .
i have a company that does design and animation , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
we have therefore decided to support tony - tempt - and his cause .
i met with his father and brother and said , &quot; we will give you this money,
what are you going to do with it?  &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back with him and i said , &quot; hang on , is not that - i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking - can not all the paralyzed people communicate through these devices? &quot;
and he replied: &quot; no , only if you belong to the higher social class and have a remarkable insurance , can you really do that .
normal people , these devices are not accessible .  &quot;
and i replied , &quot; how do you communicate?&quot; 
does anyone have the movie  &apos;; butterfly and diver &apos;s bell  &quot; seen?
this is how they communicate - that &apos;s how their fingers run along .
i was astonished: &quot; very archaic , how can that be? &quot;
so i came with the need to just issue a check and instead i issued a check that i had no idea how to redeem it .
i committed myself to place and face his brother and his father - with the words: &quot; well , my suggestion is this: tony will speak , we will get him a machine and we will find a way to make his art again can .
because it is a farce that someone who still carries all that in himself can not communicate it .  &quot;
i spoke at a conference a few months later .
i met these people from grl , graffiti research lab and they have a technology that allows them to project a light onto any surface and then draw on it with a laser pointer that registers only the negative area .
so they move around making art installations like these .
they say that all the things displayed up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the sex parts , then comes the words of abuse , then the bush slander and last , the people actually make art .
but there has always been a life cycle in your presentations .
so i went home and ate dinner with my wife and told her about everything and we thought: &quot; well , second , if there is this technology with which you can use your eyes to control things , then you should if we find a way that tempt can control a laser so that he can make graffiti again , that would be awesome .  &quot;
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of back and forth from things , we have achieved some things .
firstly , we burnt the doors of the insurances and , in fact , got a machine for tempt to communicate with - a stephen hawking machine .
that was incredible  .
and he is really extremely funny - i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or get an e-mail , and thinks ,  &quot; i &apos;m so unworthy , this guy is incredible . &quot;
in addition , we have flown seven programmers from around the world - literally from all corners of the world - to our home .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
many of our friends thought that we were dumb enough to do that and that we would come back and all the pictures on the walls would have given way to graffiti .
but for over two weeks we programmed , we went to the beach promenade in venice , my children were involved , my dog ​​also and we created this .
it &apos;s called eyewriter and you can see the description .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought at the beach promenade of venice , some copper wire and a few things from the hardware store and the electronics store .
we took a ps3 camera , disassembled it , put it on a led light and now we have a device that is freely accessible - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free , you can download the software for free ,
so we created a device that is completely free of restrictions .
no insurance can get in the way,
also no hospital .
every paralyzed person can actually communicate or draw with his eyes alone .
thank you  .
thank you very much , that was incredible .
so at the end of the two weeks we went back to tempting room .
i love this picture , because it is the room of someone else and that is his room .
there is now all this hype before the big revelation
and after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , pasta parties , and nights out , tony drew for the first time in seven years .
and that &apos;s an impressive picture , because this is his life support system , and he looks beyond his life support system .
we tilted his bed so he could look outside .
we have set up a projector against a wall of parking in front of the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time , in the presence of his family and friends - and one can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
funnily , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt right as part of the sprayer scene .
at the end he sent us an e-mail with the following contents: &quot; for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i have the feeling that i was pushed under water and finally someone reached down and pulled my head up so that i could breathe .  &quot;
is not that overwhelming?
this is something of our fight cry .
this keeps us on the hook and keeps us developing .
and we still have much to improve on this device .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it &apos;s like a magic board .
and someone who has such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we &apos;re working out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since that time we have received all kinds of recognition .
we won a few prizes .
remember , it &apos;s free , none of us deserves it .
it all comes from our own bags .
so the awards were ,  &quot; oh , that &apos;s awesome . &quot;
armstrong tweeted about us and then , in december , time magazine honored us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest thing about it is - and this includes the whole circle - that this april will be held at moca in downtown los angeles , an exhibition called &quot; art of the streets &quot;
and there will be pretty much the toughest street art people in the world - banksy , shepard fairey , caws - all these guys will be there .
tempt will be part of the show , which is pretty crazy .
basically , this is about me: if you see something that is impossible , then make it possible .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the eyewriter - everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - they all here .
i &apos;m not a programmer and i &apos;ve never had anything to do with autogenerating technology , but i just captured something and surrounded amazing people so we could work something together .
and every one of them should ask themselves that question every single day they notice something that needs to be done . if not now then when ? and if not me , then who?
i thank you  .
so , i write for children , and i &apos;m probably america &apos;s most read children &apos;s book author .
and i always tell people that i do not want to come along like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leather , but no one has ever chosen farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and revelations .
well , an enlightenment is usually something that you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you walk around the block and take it as a revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it - richard bolingbroke .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle started in the sixties at the high school in stow , ohio , where i was the class fagot .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in the young toilet until a teacher rescued my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teacher &apos;s room .
she did that secretly,
she did it for three years,
and i had to get away from the city .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 and it hit me in san francisco , california - i found a lover - and back in the 80s i found it important to get involved with aids organizations .
about three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , i received a phone call from this teacher , woman post who said , &quot; i have to see her .
i am sad that we have never met each other as adults .
please come to ohio and please come with the man i know you have found him by now .
and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and i want you to hurry up , please .  &quot;
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for her , we brought her , and we took care of her , and we took care of her family because it was necessary
it was something that we knew how to do .
and just when the woman , who wanted to meet me as an adult , got to know me , she turned into a box full of ashes and was put in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle - and the revelation of which i spoke showed up .
the revelation is that death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved hers .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so glad that &apos;s been mentioned so often here today .
he needs the same - he needs , love and pleasure . and it is up to us to give these things .
many thanks  .
imagine a big explosion as you ascend to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine an engine that could clack , clack , clack , clack , clack , clack , clack .
that sounds scary .
well , i had a unique place on this day; i sat on 1d .
i was the only one who could talk to the flight attendants .
so i looked at them right away , and they said , &quot; no problem , we probably caught some birds . &quot;
the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened simultaneously .
the pilot aimed the machine at the hudson river .
this is usually not the route .
he turns off the engines .
imagine a noiseless plane .
and then he said three words - the most emotionless words i &apos;ve ever heard .
he says , &quot; ready to impact &quot;
i did not have to talk to the on-board staff anymore .
i could see it in their eyes , it was frightening , life was over .
i would like to share with you three things that i learned about myself that day .
i learned that everything is different in an instant .
we have this life plan , we have these things we want to do in life and i thought of all the people i wanted to reach out to a hand and did not , all the fences i wanted to mend , all the experiences i have wanted to do and never did .
as i thought about it later , i remembered a saying , &quot; i am collecting bad wines &quot; ,
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , then i open it .
i never want to change anything in life .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing that i learned that day - and that was when we missed the george washington bridge , pretty much - so i thought , man , there is a thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i aspired to get better at everything i tackled .
but in my humanity i have also given my ego space .
and i regretted the time i had wasted on meaningless things , with people who mean something .
and i thought of the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it is not perfect , but it is much better .
i have not argued with my wife for two years .
it feels great .
i &apos;m not trying to be right anymore; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned - while the inner clock begins ,  &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 ,  . . . &quot; to count down
you can see the water coming .
i said , &quot; please fly in the air . &quot;
i do not want this thing to break into 20 parts , as you know it from documentation .
as we crash , i had this feeling , man , dying is not scary .
almost as if we were preparing for our whole life .
but it was very sad .
i did not want to go ; i love my life  .
and this sadness really formed in one thought , namely that i wish only one thing .
i just wish i could see my kids growing up .
about a month later i attended an appearance of my daughter - first years , not much artistic talent  . . .
 . . . not yet  .
and i celebrate , i cry like a little child .
and in the world , everything made sense to me .
i realized then , by connecting the dots , that in life it &apos;s all about being a great dad .
more than anything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i had the miracle not to die on this day .
i received another gift , namely to look to the future , to come back and live differently .
my call to all who fly today is: imagine , the same thing happens on your flight - please do not - but imagine it; and how would they change?
what would they do that they postpone because they think they are there forever?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in them?
and more than anything , are you the best parents you can ever be?
thank you  .
the idea behind the stuxnet computer worm is pretty simple in itself .
we do not want iran to build the bomb .
the most important item there for the development of nuclear weapons is the uranium enrichment facility in natanz .
the gray boxes you see here are real-time control systems .
if we succeed in compromising the systems , controlling the speeds and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes do not work with windows software; they are based on a completely different technology .
but if we manage to have an effective windows virus on a laptop used by a maintenance engineer to configure this gray box , then we &apos;re in business .
and that &apos;s the planning behind stuxnet .
so we start with a windows-dropper .
the user data are transferred to the gray box , damage the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear energy program delays - order executed .
this is a child game , right?
i want to tell you how we found that out .
when we started our research on stuxnet six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose of this construct was .
the only thing that we knew is very , very complicated in terms of the windows part , the dropper part , it made use of countless zero day weak spots .
and there seemed to be something to do with those gray boxes , these real-time control systems .
this caught our attention and we started a lab project in which we infected our area with stuxnet and examined this construct .
and then something funny happened .
stuxnet behaved like a lab rat who did not like our cheese - sniffed it , but did not want to eat it .
that made no sense in my eyes .
and after experimenting with different types of cheese , i realized that this is a targeted attack .
completely focused on a specific goal .
the dropper actively roams the gray box when a special configuration is detected . even if the special program that is trying to infect it is running on this target .
and if not , then stuxnet does nothing .
well , that really caught my interest and we started working around it , almost around the clock , because i thought well , we do not know what the goal is .
it could be , say , a us- american power plant , or a chemical plant in germany .
so we should soon find out what the goal is .
so we extracted and decompiled the attack code and found that it is structured into two digital warheads - one smaller and one bigger .
and we also noticed that they were very professionally designed by people who obviously had all insider information .
they knew all the bits and bytes they needed to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the machine operator &apos;s shoe .
they knew everything .
and if you &apos;ve already noticed that the stuxnet dropper is complex and high-tech , let me tell you: the payload is a science in itself .
it &apos;s much more demanding than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
here you can see a part of this attack code .
we &apos;re talking about - about 15,000 lines of code .
looks pretty much like old-fashioned assembler language .
and i want to tell you how we were able to get out of this code .
so what we were looking for first was system function calls because we know what they are .
and then we searched for timers and data structures and tried to connect them with the real world - with potential goals in the real world .
so we needed theories about those goals that we could prove or disprove .
in order to establish these theories , we recall that it is definitely high-level sabotage , it must be a high-quality target and most likely it is in iran because most of the infections were reported there .
well , in this area there are not several thousand goals .
basically , it goes out to the buschehr nuclear power plant and the uranium enrichment plant in natanz .
so i said to my assistant , &quot; bring me a list of all experts for centrifuges and power plants from our customer base . &quot;
and i called her and tapped her knowledge to compare her expertise with what we had found out in the code and in the data .
and that worked very well .
so , it was possible for us to connect the small digital warhead with the rotor control .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this rotor , then you are actually able to crack the rotor and finally even make the centrifuge explode .
what we also found out is that the goal of the attack was actually to make it slow and sinister - obviously in an attempt to make maintenance engineers despair , so they would not be able to figure it out quickly .
the big digital warhead - we got an insight by looking very closely at data and data structures .
so , for example , the number 164 stands out very much from this code; you can not miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature on how these centrifuges are built in natance and found out that they are structured in so-called cascades , and each cascade contains 164 centrifuges .
so that made sense , it matched .
and it got even better .
these centrifuges in iran are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the attack code?
an almost identical structure .
so again , that fit really well together .
and this gave us great confidence for what we studied here .
well , do not get me wrong , it just did not work that way .
these results were achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
in any case , we found out that both digital warheads were actually heading for the same goal , but from different directions .
the little warhead takes over a cascade and over-rotates and slows down the rotors , and the big warhead interacts with six cascades to manipulate valves .
so , by and large , we are very confident that we have actually determined what the goal is .
it is natural and it is only natural .
so we do not have to worry about other destinations being hit by stuxnet .
here is something really cool stuff that we discovered - really knocked me off my feet .
down there is the gray box , and on top of it you can see the centrifuge .
well , what causes this thing is that it intercepts the incoming values ​​of sensors - such as pressure sensors and vibration sensors - and it provides legitimate code that still runs during the attack , with inaccurate incoming data .
and indeed , this wrong inbound data from stuxnet has already been recorded .
so it &apos;s the same as in hollywood movies , where during the chase the surveillance camera is fed with previously recorded video footage .
that &apos;s cool , right?
the idea here is obviously not just outsmarting the machine operators in the control room .
in fact it is much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human operator can not react fast enough .
in a power plant , for example , when the large steam turbine gets too fast , relief valves must be opened within milliseconds .
of course , this can not be done by a human machine operator .
so at this point we need digital security systems .
and when they are endangered , really bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the machine operator , nor the security system will notice .
that &apos;s scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i am saying now is very important .
think about it  . this attack is generic .
he has nothing specifically to do with centrifuges , with uranium enrichment .
so , for example , it would work just as well - in a power plant or in an automobile factory .
it is generic .
and you do not have to - as the attacker - you do not have to attach the usability data via a usb-stick , as we have seen with stuxnet .
you could also use ordinary worm technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as much as possible .
and when you do that , you finally get a cyber mass destruction weapon .
that &apos;s the consequence we have to face .
so , unfortunately , the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the middle east .
they are located in the united states , in europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most targeted environments .
we have to face the consequences and we better prepare ourselves .
thank you  .
i have a question  .
ralph , it was reported a lot that people suspect that the mossad is the main organization behind it .
is that your opinion?
okay , you really want to know that?
yes  . okay .
in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is cyber supermacht .
there is only one and these are the united states - fortunately , fortunately .
otherwise our problem would be even bigger .
thank you for scared the hell out of us . thanks ralph .
i &apos;ve spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and somehow dangerous .
i went to prison - difficult .
i worked in a coal mine - dangerous .
i filmed in war zones - difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this - fun in the beginning , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
in fact , most of my career has been exposed to horrific situations , all in an effort to investigate social issues in a way that is captivating and interesting , and hopefully in a way that makes them entertaining and entertaining accessible .
so knowing that i would come here to look at the world of branding and sponsoring in a tedtalk , i knew that i would do something a little different .
some of you may have heard that i posted an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent a few facebook news , some twitter messages , and gave people the opportunity to buy the naming rights on my 2011 tedtalk .
really , some lucky people and companies , for-profit and non-profit , got the one-time opportunity - cause i &apos;m sure chris anderson will never let that happen again - buy the naming rights to the talk you &apos;re about to see who at the time neither had a title nor much content and did not give much indication of what the topic would actually be .
so what you got was the following: your name presented here: my tedtalk , of which you have no idea what the topic will be , and who could fly them around your ears depending on the content , especially if i have your company for your participation stupid could stand .
but apart from that , it is a very good media opportunity .
do you know how many people view these tedtalks?
a whole lot  .
by the way , that &apos;s just the working title .
despite this warning , i knew that someone would buy the name rights .
if you had asked me this a year ago , i would not have been able to tell you this with certainty .
but in the new project i am working on , my new film , we are exploring the world of marketing , advertising .
as i said , over the years i have gone into some pretty horrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could prepare me to go into anything so difficult and so dangerous as to go with these types into a room .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a film about product placement , marketing and advertising , where the whole movie is financed by product placement , marketing and advertising .
and the movie becomes  &quot; the greatest movie ever sold &quot; be called  .
what in &quot; the greatest movie ever sold &quot; what happens is that everything , from top to bottom , from the beginning to the end , is completely branded - by the title sponsor you &apos;ll see in the movie , that &apos;s the x mark .
now this brand , the qualcomm stadium , the staples center  . . .
these people will be eternally connected to the film - forever .
and so the film will explore this whole idea - that &apos;s what? in eternity , forever?
i am a redundant person .
that was more to emphasize .
it was &quot; in eternity , forever . &quot;
but we will not only have the brand x as the title sponsor , but we will make sure that we will sell every possible category in the film .
so maybe we &apos;ll sell a shoe and he &apos;ll be the greatest shoe you &apos;ve ever worn  . . .
the greatest car you &apos;ve ever driven out of &quot; the greatest movie ever sold &quot; the greatest drink you &apos;ve ever had , an attention from &quot; the greatest movie ever sold &quot; ,
so the idea is , apart from showing that brands are a part of life , actually getting them to fund the film?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
you will see the whole thing in the film .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy if ceg helped to make this happen .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i heard it first , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
i do not know how receptive people will be .
do you have a perspective - i do not want &quot; perspective &quot; because that has a negative connotation - but do you know how that will evolve?
how much money is needed to realize that?
1.5 million  .
i think it &apos;s going to be hard to meet them , but i think it &apos;s definitely worth talking about some really well-known brands .
who knows , when the movie comes out , we might look like a horde of idiots .
what do you think the answer will be?
the answer is most likely &quot; no &quot; be  .
but is it a difficult thing because of the film or a difficult thing because of me?
jk: both .
 . . . that means , not so optimistic .
so , my lord , can you help me? i need help  .
i can help  .
okay .
fantastic  .
we have to think about which brands .
yes  .
when you look at the people they are dealing with  . . .
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought ,  &quot; turn off the camera &quot; would mean that we wanted to have a background conversation .
it turned out that in reality it meant &quot; we do not want to have anything to do with her film &quot;
and just like that , all these companies disappeared , one after the other .
no one wanted to have anything to do with the film .
i was surprised  .
they wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole idea of ​​advertising being to showcase your product to as many people as possible would make it as human as possible .
especially in today &apos;s world , at this interface of new and old media and the fragmented media landscape - it is not the idea to be in this new exciting mediation tool that brings this message to the masses .
no , that was what i thought .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal flaw , and that was the following .
actually no , that was not the fault at all .
that would not have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture stands for is a problem .
see , if you enter transparency in the google search this is - this is one of the first images that pops up .
i really like your style , sergey brin . now .
that was the problem: transparency - free of delusion and deception , easy to discover and see through; immediately understandable; characterized by visibility and access to information , especially as far as business practices are concerned , the last line is certainly the biggest problem .
you know , we are currently hearing a great deal about transparency .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our cos say so .
but when it comes to the point that it should be implemented , something changes .
but why ? well , transparency is scary - like that strange bear who still roars .
it &apos;s unpredictable - like this weird country road .
and she is also very risky .
what else is risky?
eating a whole bowl of cool whip .
that is very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story .  &quot;
you see , when i was a kid and my dad caught me lying - and there he sits and looks at me with that look - he would say , &quot; my son , there are three versions of each story .
there is your version , there is my version , and there is the true version .  &quot;
so you see , with this movie we wanted to tell the true version .
but since only one company , one agency was willing to help us - and that only because i know john bond and richard kirshenbaum for years - i realized that i had to do it alone , i had to bypass the middle man and go directly to the companies with my team .
so what you suddenly started to understand - or what i started to understand - was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of ​​how your brand is understood is a big problem .
i have friends making big , gigantic hollywood movies and i have friends making small independent movies like me .
and my friends , who make big , gigantic hollywood films , say the reason their films are so successful is because of the brand partners they have .
and then my friends who make small independent films say , &quot; well , how are we supposed to compete with those big , gigantic hollywood movies? &quot;
and the movie is called  &quot; the greatest movie ever sold . &quot;
so how exactly will we see ban in the movie?
whenever i am on my way , and whenever i open the medicine cupboard , you will see you are deodorant .
and every time i interviewe someone , i can say ,  &quot; are you fresh enough for this interview?
are you ready ? they look a little nervous .
i want to help you to calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a bit before the interview .  &quot;
and then we offer one of those great scents .
either  &quot; floral fusion &quot; or a &quot; paradise winds &quot;  , you will have the choice .
we will be equipped for both men and women - hard , roll-on , or a stick , whatever .
that &apos;s the short version .
now i can answer all your questions and give you a suitable version .
we are a smaller brand .
as you have talked about the smaller films , we are a challenger as a brand .
so we do not have such a budget as other brands .
to do such things - you know , reminds people of ban - that &apos;s kind of why we &apos;re interested .
what words would you use to describe ban?
ban is naked .
that &apos;s a great question .
woman: superior technology .
technology is not the way you should describe something that somebody does .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that makes this category really positive , unlike &quot; combats odor and moisture . &quot;
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer - better fresh , more fresh , three times fresher .
such things have a more positive effect .
and that &apos;s a million-dollar company .
what about me ? what about the druchschittstypen?
i have to talk to the man on the street who is like me , a normal consumer .
you should tell me something about my brand .
how would you describe your brand?
hmmm , my brand?
i do not know  .
i really like nice clothes .
woman: 80 &apos;s revival meets skaterpunk , except on the washday .
well , what is the brand gerry?
unique .
i think that genre , the style i have is probably &quot; dark glamor &quot; ,
i like a lot of black colors , many grays and stuff like that .
but usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or a jewelry and such a stuff .
woman: if then a brand would be , he would probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
man 2: the brand i am is , i would say , casual fly .
woman 2: partly hippie , partly yogi , partly brooklyn girl - i do not know .
man 3: i &apos;m the cuddle type .
i sell cuddly toys throughout the country , worldwide .
so i think that &apos;s my brand .
this is my brand in my small , distorted industry .
man 4: my brand is fedex because i was extradited .
man 5: brand clever alcoholic scribe .
is that possible ?
lawyer: i am a lawyer .
i am tom  .
well , we can not all be the tom brand , but i often see myself at the interface of dark glamor and casual fly .
and what is noticed was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could get in my head , someone who could really help me understand what you mean by &quot; brand personality &quot; is called  .
and so i found a company called olson zaltman in pittsburg .
they helped companies like nestle , febreze , hallmark discover this brand personality .
if they could do it for them , they could certainly help me too .
they brought their pictures , yes?
i have that  . the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who shape my worldview .
tell me about this world .
md: this world? i think the own world is the world in which one lives - like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and so on .
all these things come and start from one place , and for me they come and start with my family in west virginia .
what is the next thing you want to talk about .
the next  . this was the best day of my life .
how does this relate to the thoughts and feelings about them?
it &apos;s the way i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird . i like strange things .
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; phase - what brings us?
what is the machete? which pupal stage are you currently in?
why is it important to restart? what does the red represent?
tell me a little about this part .
a little bit more about her , that &apos;s not her .
what other metamorphoses did you go through?
 . . . that does not have to be fearful . in what kind of roller coaster are they?
eeeeee! no , thank you!
thank you for your patience  .
yes  .  , well  .
yes , i do not know what will happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was that your brand personality had two separate but complementary sides - the morgan spurlock brand is a mindful / playful brand .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there is almost a contradiction with it .
and i think some companies will focus on only one strength , rather than both .
many companies tend to - and this is to avoid the human natural things that they are not sure about , they will avoid these elements , and that they welcome them , and they actually transform them into themselves something positive , and that is a clever move .
which other brands are acting like this?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , target , wii , mini of mini coopers and jetblue .
well , there are playful brands and mindful brands , these things that come and go , but a playful , attentive brand is a pretty strong thing .
a thoughtful , playful brand . how is your brand?
if someone asked you to describe your brand identity , your brand personality , how would it be?
are you an up-attribute? are you something that causes blood to flow?
or are they more of a down-attribute?
are they something that is a little quieter , more reserved , more conservative?
up-attributes are things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , contemporary , adventurous , fancy and lovely like erol flynn , agile and agile , profane , bossy , magical and mystical like gandalf .
or are they more like a down attribute?
are they mindful and sophisticated like 007?
are they established , traditional , caring , protective , compassionate as oprah?
are they reliable , stable , familial , safe , secure , holy , thoughtful and wise like the dalai lama or yoda?
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and down companies and the &quot; no &quot; said , because they did not want to be part of the project .
above all , they wanted nothing to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
but 17 brand partners were found who were ready to relinquish this control , who wanted to do business with someone as attentive and playful as me , and who eventually enabled us to tell stories we normally could not have told - stories a recruit would normally never support .
they enabled us to tell the story of neuromarketing as we tell the story in this film that mris is used nowadays to target the lust centers of the brain both for advertising and making movies .
we drove to sao paulo , where outdoor advertising has been banned .
throughout the city there has been no advertisement board for five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we drove to school districts where companies are making their way to impoverished schools across america .
the unbelievable thing for me is that the projects from which i got the most feedback or where i had the greatest success are those where i interacted directly with things .
and that &apos;s what those brands have done
because they bypassed the middle man , they bypassed the agencies , and said that the agencies might not really care about their interests .
i will negotiate directly with the artist .
i will work with him and create something completely different , something that makes people think , that challenges our world view .
and how was that for you? what is it successful?
well , since the film was premiered at the sundance film festival , we can take a look at it .
according to burrelles , the premiere was in january , and since then - and that &apos;s not even the whole thing - there have been 900 million views of this film .
in fact , this only covers a period of 2 1/2 weeks .
that &apos;s just online - no press , no tv .
the film has not been delivered yet .
it does not even exist online . no streaming .
he has not come out in other countries yet .
well , finally , the film has gained a very big momentum .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we spoke to recommended their customers to keep their hands off .
one thing i firmly believe in is that taking one &apos;s chances involves a risk that there are opportunities in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing that , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the whole company for a profit .
i feel that as we move forward , we need to encourage people to take risks .
we must encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that may frighten them .
finally , as we move forward , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the angst . welcome the risk .
each one big spoon full , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a bit of honesty takes us a long way .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , all my talk &quot; welcome transparency &quot; was presented to you by my good friends from emc , who paid $ 7100 for the name rights on ebay .
big data is turned into a great opportunity for organizations around the world .
emc presents &quot; welcome transparency &quot;
thank you very much  .
well , morgan , in the name of transparency this: what exactly happened to the $ 7100?
that &apos;s a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , issued to the top organization of the ted organization , the sapling foundation - a check for $ 7100 to finance my ted appearance next year .
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something else on google , and i suggested doing something with museums and art . my boss , who is also today , gave me the green light .
and it lasted 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will concentrate on the performance .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and its accessibility explained .
i grew up in india .
i got a great education - i &apos;m not complaining - but i did not have access to many museums and these artworks .
when i then traveled and visiting these museums , i started to learn a lot .
and while i was working for google , i tried to bring that longing - art more accessible - with technology together .
we then formed a team , a great team , and we started here .
i will probably start with the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the start .
so you just go to googleartproject .com .
you can look around here in all these museums .
there is the uffizi , the moma , the hermitage , the rijks , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you can score for two - very easy .
click , and wumms , you are in this museum .
it does not matter where they are - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you walk around and have fun .
you want to orient yourself in the museum?
open the map and jump with one click .
they are in there , they want to go all the way to the end .
only further . have fun  .
browse them .
thanks , but the best is yet to come .
so now i am in front of one of my favorite pictures , a reaper of pieter breugel in the met .
i see this plus sign .
if the museum has given us the picture , click on it .
this is one of the pictures .
this is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here - but i &apos;ll just click away .
this is one of the images we captured with the so-called gigapixel technology .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion pixels , i believe .
and a lot of people ask me: &quot; what do you get for 10 billion pixels? &quot;
i will show them now:
you can zoom in and out very easily .
they see something funny here .
i love that guy; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep inside .
and so i started playing around , and found that something was going on there .
and i thought , &quot; hang on , that sounds interesting . &quot;
i came close , and slowly noticed that these children actually beat something .
i researched a bit , talked to a few acquaintances at the met , and actually found out that it &apos;s a game called squail , where a goose is hit with a stick on midsummer &apos;s day .
apparently it was quite popular .
i do not know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to really close up , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you an overview , i zoom out to see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
but the best is still - in one second .
let &apos;s jump quickly to the moma , again in new york .
another favorite picture of me , starry night .
the previous example was about finding details,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes?
and what if you want to see how van gogh created this masterpiece?
you zoom in . you can really go inside .
i &apos;ll zoom into one of my favorite parts of this picture until i &apos;m really at the cracks .
that is starry night , probably never seen before .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i miss the time .
that &apos;s the really cool part , it &apos;s called collections .
every one of them , everyone - whether rich or poor , whether they have a great home - does not matter .
you can get started and create your own museum online - from all these images you can create your own collection .
quite simply , they go in - and i created this , it &apos;s the power of zoom - they can zoom in and out .
this is  &apos;; the sent ones &apos;;  , in the national gallery .
you can add notes to everything , send it to your friends , and start talking about what they feel when they look at these masterpieces .
i think , finally , for me the main thing is that all the wonderful things here are not from google .
in my opinion , they do not even come from the museums .
i should not say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope that we will do justice to the art with this digital medium and represent it properly online .
here is the biggest question i was asked recently: &quot; did you do that to replicate the experience of a museum visit? &quot;
the answer is no .
it should complement the experience .
it &apos;s all about this  . thank you very much  .
thank you  .
this is a representation of your brain . her brain can be divided in half .
this is the left half , which is the logical side and then the right half , which is the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the aptitude of each hemisphere , we could represent its brain .
for example , this would be someone who is completely logical .
this would be someone who is completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on this scale?
some of us may have opted for one of these extreme ones , but i think that for most people in the audience , their brain looks something like this - with a high aptitute that is in both hemispheres at the same time .
it &apos;s not as if they &apos;re both exclusive or the like .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most other experimental quantum physicists who need a good deal of logic to put the complex ideas together .
but at the same time we need a good amount of intuition to actually do the experiments .
how do we develop this intuition? well , we love to play with things .
so we go out and play with it and then look how it reacts . and then we begin to develop our intuition .
basically , they do the same thing .
so one of the intuitions that you have developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be in one place at the same time .
i mean , it may sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with that idea , you developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a floor level .
he was still a toddler and not very good at it and he was constantly falling .
but i bet that playing with the floor threshold taught him a very valuable lesson , namely that big things do not just let you pass and that they stay in one place .
and that is a great conceptual model of the world , as long as you are not a particle physicist .
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do not play with sleepers , but with those little weird particles .
and when they play with their particles , they spot all sorts of strange things - like flying right through walls , or at the same time being in two different places .
and so they all wrote down these observations , calling them the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the state of physics a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the tiny , tiny particles .
but you did not need them to describe the big everyday objects around us .
that did not like my intuition and that maybe only because i do not play with so many parts .
well , sometimes i play with them , but not very often .
and i have never seen her
i mean , no one has ever seen a particle .
but my logical side did not like it either .
because if all things consist of particles and all these particles follow the rules of quantum mechanics , should not everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics?
i see no reason why that should not be so .
so i would feel much better with the whole thing , if we could somehow show that everyday objects also follow the rules of quantum mechanics .
so , a few years ago , i set about doing just that .
i created one .
this is the first object you can see that was in the quantum mechanical superposition .
so what we are looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see this green dot in the middle there .
this is the piece of metal that i will talk about in a moment .
this is a picture of the object .
here i enlarge it a bit . we are looking right here in the center .
and here is a really huge close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a small piece of metal shaped like a springboard and overhanging the edge .
so i made this thing in a similar way to making a computer chip .
i went into a clean room with new silicon wafers , and racked for 100 hours on all the big appliances .
for the last bit i had to build my own machine - to get this hole shaped like a swimming pool and the thing .
this thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical superposition but it needs a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator?
i mean , when i &apos;m alone in the elevator , i do all sorts of strange things but then other people get in and i stop doing all those things because i do not want to bother them or , frankly , bother them .
so quantum mechanics says that immovable objects feel the same way .
the riders for immovable objects are not just humans , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that blows past them and the heat of space .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal behaves quantum mechanically , we had to throw all the passengers out .
and we did that .
we switched off the light , put it in a vacuum and sucked all the air out and cooled it almost to the now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to behave as it would .
so we measured his movement .
we realized that it is really moving strangely .
instead of just lying there , it vibrated . the way it vibrated was like this , like an expanding bellows pulling together .
by giving it a little push , we could cause it to vibrate and not vibrate at the same time - something only allowed in quantum mechanics .
what i am about to tell you is something truly fantastic .
what does it mean for an object to vibrate at the same time and not to vibrate?
let us think about the atoms .
so the first case: all the trillions of atoms that make up the piece of metal lie still and at the same time the same atoms move up and down .
only at precise times do they agree .
the rest of the time they are delocalised .
that is , each atom is at the same time in two different places , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
for real  .
it was worth it to include me in the clean room for all these years . because , check that , the difference in scale between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the same as the difference between the piece of metal and them .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , then why not them too?
i mean , that &apos;s just what my logical side says .
so , imagine that you are in several places at the same time , how would that feel?
how would you be aware that your body is delocalized in space?
there is another aspect of the story .
when we warm it up , turned on the light and looked in the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are in reality only quantum objects that have come together in a small room .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says that everything is connected to everything .
well , that &apos;s not quite right;
there is more behind it , it goes even deeper .
it &apos;s like these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are . and that is the profound and strange of quantum mechanics .
many thanks  .
in 2007 , i decided that we should reconceptualize how we think about economic development .
it should be our goal that , when families think about where they want to live and work , they have the opportunity to choose between at least one handful of different cities , all of which are in competition for new residents .
at the moment we are far away from this goal .
there are billions of people in developing countries who do not even have a single city to welcome .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they are so much more valuable than they cost to build .
so we could easily equip the world with dozens , maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound preposterous for you , as long as you &apos;ve never thought about new cities .
just swap the construction of flats against the ones of cities .
imagine , half the people who want to live in flats already do that; the other half but not yet .
you could try to increase the capacity of already existing flats .
but do you know what you would get involved with , in these apartments and their surroundings laws prevail to avoid complaints and distract from expansion .
it turns out to be very difficult to comply with all these extensions .
but you could go to a completely new place , build a completely new block of flats , provided the laws there would support such construction and not hinder him .
so i suggested that governments create new space that would provide enough space for a city and gave them a name: charter cities .
later i found out that , around the same time , javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of a reform in honduras .
they knew that every year about 75,000 hondurans left their country to emigrate to the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people could stay in their country and do the same in honduras can  .
at this point , javier said to octavio , &quot; what happens if we take an unpopulated area of ​​our country - which if we just give it to a message - part of the american embassy , ​​part of the canadian embassy - and then people working under canadian or united states rules , can you work there , and can you do anything on the surface of these messages that you would normally need to go to canada or america?  &quot;
in the summer of 2009 , honduras suffered from a violent constitutional crisis .
at the next scheduled elections , pepe lobo won in a turnaround whose program promised both renewal and conciliation .
he asked octavio to become his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was preparing for a lecture at tedglobal .
by improving , trying out and examining consumers , i have tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first point is the importance of laws , laws that determine that it is not allowed to disturb already existing apartment owners .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but progress requires technology and legislation . and it &apos;s usually laws that hold us back .
in autumn 2010 , a friend from guatemala octavio sent the link to the tedtalk .
in turn , javier showed him .
the two called to me .
and said , &quot; let &apos;s present that to the president of our country! &quot;
so in december we met in the boardroom of a miami hotel .
i &apos;ve tried to make clear how valuable cities are , how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i have used this graphic to show how valuable rohland is in a place like new york . remember , in some cases , one square is worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
but it was a fairly abstract discussion , at one point , when there was a break , octavio said ,  &quot; paul , maybe we could look at the tedtalk . &quot;
the tedtalk thus presented in a very simple form that a charter city is a place whose beginning is uninhabited land , a founding treaty that sets the laws that govern it and offers people the opportunity to choose , either under these rules live or not .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras , who said that we must realize this project , that it is important and that this is the way to move our country forward .
i was asked to come to tegucigalpa and give another lecture on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i gave another lecture filled with facts that contained a graphic like this that tries to make it clear that if you want to add value to a city , it has to be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has an area of ​​100 square kilometers .
so i tried to convince the hondurans , if you want to build a new city , you have to start with a territory of at least 1000 square kilometers .
that &apos;s more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
politely everyone applauded .
the faces of the spectators were very serious and attentive .
the head of the congress came to the stage and said , &quot; professor romer , thank you very much for your presentation , but maybe we could look at the tedtalk .
i have it here on my laptop .  &quot;
so i sat down and they played the tedtalk .
and i came to the core statement that a new city offers people new possibilities .
it would be possible to live in a city that would be in honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away in the north .
and a new city also includes new opportunities for leaders .
the leaders of the honduran government rely on help from partner countries to benefit from their partner countries , which would help them to set up laws for this charter and to ensure that everyone can trust that the charter will really be enforced ,
and the recognition of president lobo , was that the certainty of the enforcement that i thought of as a way to get the foreign investors coming here and to build this city could be synonymous to all the parties in honduras who have been afraid for many years and years distrust suffer .
we drove into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it effortlessly covers a thousand square kilometers .
and shortly thereafter , on january 19 , they voted in favor of a constitutional change congress to have a constitutional regime permissible for specific development areas .
in a country that has just come through a violent crisis , 124 was voted one vote in the congress for this constitutional amendment .
all parties , all factions of society , supported this .
however , to be part of the constitution , it must be approved twice by the congress .
on the 17th of february it was approved for the second time with 114 to a vote .
immediately after this election , between the 21st and the 24th of february , a delegation of about 30 hundurans traveled to the two places of the world that were most interested in entering the business of urban design .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big new city center built in south korea - bigger than boston &apos;s city center .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after taking four years to get the permits .
the other place , which was very interested in urban planning , is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china and the third is in preparation .
so when you think about it practically , that &apos;s where we stand today .
you already have a building plot; and you are already considering this area for the second city .
it is already working on a legal system that allows managers to participate , and it is also working on an external legal system .
a country has already offered to have its supreme court available , as a court for the final appointment of the local judiciary .
also city designers and builders are very interested .
they even bring in financing .
one thing , as you already know , has already been clarified , there are many tenants .
there are many companies that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a free trade area , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people around the world who say they would like to live permanently in a different place .
one million people leave latin america each year and emigrate to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to seek work - sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to be able to afford food and clothes .
unfortunately , sometimes there are even children who try to find their parents again , who in some cases have not seen them for a decade .
so what &apos;s the idea of ​​thinking about building a brand new city in honduras?
or even dozens of these cities to build , or hundreds distributed around the world?
so what &apos;s the idea for insisting that every family has a choice between several cities in competition for new residents?
that &apos;s an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras have asked me to say thank you ted .
do you know how many decisions you make on a typical day?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week?
i &apos;ve recently done a survey of over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions that a typical americans make in one day is 70 .
in addition , a study was recently made with ceos in which they watched the ceos for a week .
and these scientists have just documented the different topics that have occupied this ceo . and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and they have found that an average ceo deals with 139 tasks during the week .
of course , each of these topics consisted of many , many smaller decisions .
50 percent of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
it took only an hour or more of their time for about 12 percent of their decisions .
think about your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minute category compared to the one hour category?
how good do you think they are in making the decisions?
today i want to talk about one of the biggest decision problems of our modern age , the decision overload problem .
i would like to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , if i talk about this problem , i will ask you some questions and i would like to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , since i am blind , they only lift your hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , if i ask you a question and your answer is yes , then my first question for today is: are you ready to hear about the congestion problem?
many thanks  .
when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i went to this very very exclusive grocery store; at least then he was really exclusive .
it was a shop , the draeger  &apos;; his name was .
this shop , it was almost like a fun park .
they had 250 different types of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different types of water - and that was at a time when we were actually drinking tap water .
i loved going to this business; but at one point i wondered , well , how come you never buy anything?
here is the olive oil gang .
they had over 75 different varieties of olive oil , including those that were trapped in boxes that came from thousand-year-old olive trees .
so one day i decided to visit the store manager , and i asked the manager , &quot; does this model really work to provide people with all these options? &quot;
and he pointed to the busloads of tourists who came every day and usually had their cameras with them .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here is her jam shop .
they had 348 different types of jam .
we set up a small tasting corner right at the entrance to the store .
there were six different tastes of jam or 24 different tastes of jam , and we looked at two things: firstly , in which case would more people stop and try jam?
there were more people standing still when there were 24 , about 60 percent than when there were six , about 40 percent .
and then we looked at in which case people rather bought a jar of jam .
now we saw the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when it was 24 , only three percent actually bought a jar of jam .
of the people who stopped when they were six , well , now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you figure it out , people would rather buy a jar six times if they had six to choose from than if they had 24 to choose from .
well , deciding not to buy jar jam is probably good for us - at least it &apos;s good for our waist - but it turns out that the congestion problem affects us even in very consequential decisions .
we decide not to decide , even if it is against our own best interests .
so on the topic of the day: financial savings .
i will now describe to you a study that i conducted with gur huberman , emir kem- jica , wei jang , in which we considered the decisions on savings plans for the pension of nearly one million americans from approximately 650 plans throughout the united states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of fund offerings that were possible in a pension plan , the plan , the likelihood of whether more is saved for tomorrow .
and we found out that there was indeed a connection .
so in these plans , we had about 657 plans that offered to the people anything between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered that , in fact , the attendance rate was lower .
looking at the extreme now , the plans offered by the two funds had a participation rate in the seventies - still not as high as we would like .
in the plans , which offered nearly 60 funds , the participation rate now fell to about the sixtieth percent .
now it turns out that even if they decide to participate , if more choices are available , even then , it has negative consequences .
for example , people who choose to participate more in the sense that the more opportunities they have , the more they avoid choosing stocks and funds .
the more opportunities they had , the more they put their money into pure money market accounts .
none of these extreme decisions are among the decisions that someone would recommend to people if their future financial well-being is important to us .
well , over the past decade , we &apos;ve seen three major negative consequences for people , which means offering more and more choices .
they postpone the decision - postpone it , even if it is against their own best interests .
they tend to make worse decisions - worse financial and poorer medical decisions .
they tend to choose things that make them less satisfied , even if they make things better .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge shelves full of mayonnaise , mustard , vinegar and jam , but in fact we can not draw the comparisons and demarcations and then actually choose something from the fantastic offerings .
so what i would like to suggest to you today are four simple techniques - techniques that we have tested in different ways and in different research locations - that you can easily apply to your business .
first , restrict .
they &apos;ve heard it before , but it &apos;s never been truer than today that less is more .
people are always worried when i say , &quot; limit . &quot;
they always worry about losing shelf space .
but in truth , we see it more and more and more that when they are ready to confine themselves , and the unimportant similar possibilities are released , well , then there is an increase in sales , the costs are lowered , & amp; amp; and there is an improvement in decision-making .
when proctor and gamble reduced the various head and shoulders types from 26 to 15 , they saw their sales increase by 10 percent .
when the golden cat corporation got rid of its 10 worst-selling feline strains , they saw profits increase 87 percent , a result of both the increase in sales and the reduction in costs .
you know , the average supermarket today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers you 100,000 products today .
but the ninth largest supermarket , now the ninth largest supermarket in the world , is aldi , and they offer you only 1,400 products - a kind of canned tomato sauce .
now in the saving world , i believe one of the best examples recently launched , how best to manage the choices was something david davies strongly helped shape , it is a program that will help harvard is offered .
every single harvard employee now automatically takes part in a lifetime fund .
those who really want to make a selection will be offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
you know , as people often say ,  &quot; i do not know how to limit it .
they are all important possibilities .  &quot;
and the first thing i am the hired question , &quot; tell me how the possibilities differ from each other .
and if your employees can not tell you apart , your customers can not .  &quot;
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said he was ready to offer all people in this audience an all-inclusive paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here is a description of the street .
and i would like to read them to you .
and now i give them a few seconds to read them and then i ask them to clap when they are ready gary  &apos;; s offer .
okay . everyone who is ready , gary  &apos;; s offer .
are they all?
well , let me show you a little more about it .
they knew it was a trick , right?
well , who is ready for this trip .
i think i may have heard more hands .
good  .
the fact is , objectively , they had more information the first time than the second time , but i would dare to guess that the second time they felt it was more real .
because the pictures made it feel more real for them .
what brings me to the second technique , which helps you to deal with the problem of decision overloading , it is the concretization .
the point is that in order to understand the difference between possibilities , people must understand which consequences are associated with the individual possibilities , and that these consequences must be felt vividly and concretely .
why , on average , do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on an ec card or credit card than cash?
because it does not feel like real money .
and it turns out that if you make it feel concrete , it &apos;s a great tool to make people save more .
so , in a study i made with shlomo benartzi and alessandro previtero , we did a study with the people at ing - employees who all worked for ing - and these people were all in a gathering in the you have registered your participation for your pension plan .
and during this gathering , we left this gathering exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
by doing this simple thing , there was a 20% increase in attendance and there was an increase in the number of people who were willing to save , or a four percent increase in the amount they were willing to pay for the savings account ,
the third technique: categorization .
we can deal better with more categories than with more choices .
here &apos;s , for example , a study we did in a magazine review .
it turns out that in the wegmans supermarkets up and down the northeast area , the number varies from 331 different types of magazines to up to 664 magazines .
but do you know what?
if i show them 600 magazines and divide them into 10 categories or i show you 400 magazines and divide them into 20 categories , then i believe i gave them more choice and a better selection experience than i gave them the 400 if i gave them the 600
because the categories tell me how to tell them apart .
here are two different jewelry displays .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other is called &quot; swing &quot; ,
if you think that the left indicator is swing and the indicator on the right is jazz , then clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing then please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out they &apos;re right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what?
this is a highly useless categorization scheme .
the categories must tell the selector something not to which the selection provides .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who do you want to inform?
my fourth technique: requirement for complexity .
it turns out that we can deal with more information than we think , we just have to simplify it .
we have to increase the complexity slowly .
i &apos;ll show you an example of what i mean .
let us take a very , very complicated decision: buying a car .
here is a german car manufacturer who offers you the possibility to configure your car completely yourself .
you have to make 62 different decisions to completely design your car .
now these choices differ in the number of choices they make per decision .
car color , exterior color of the car - i have 56 options .
motors , gearboxes - four options .
what i am doing now is changing the order in which the decisions appear .
the half of the customers goes from the many possibilities , 56 car colors to the low possibilities , four transmissions .
the other half of the customers goes from the small options , four gearboxes , to the 56 car colors , many possibilities .
what do i look at?
how interested are you .
if you constantly use the standard selection in the decision , that means that they are overwhelmed , that is , i lose them .
what you find out is that people who go from many to low selection options choose the standard selection over and over again .
we lose it .
go from the few choices to the many , then stick to it .
it &apos;s the same information . it is the same number of possibilities .
the only thing that i have done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the simple one , i learn how to pick .
even though picking the gear does not tell me about my interior design preferences , it still prepares me to pick .
it also excites me about the great product that i put together , so i &apos;m ready to be motivated to be there with interest .
let me summarize .
i told you about four techniques that mitigate the problem of decision overloading - limit - they get rid of redundant alternatives; concretize - make it real; categorize - we can deal better with more categories , less options; to prepare for complexity .
any of the techniques i am describing to you today is designed to help you manage the possibilities - good for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you serve .
because i believe that the key to the best possible choice is that one is picky in the selection .
and the more we are picky at picking , the better we will be able to practice the art of decision making .
many thanks  .
hi  . i &apos;m kevin allocca , trends manager on youtube . professionally i look at youtube videos .
that &apos;s true  .
today we want to talk about how videos become viral , and then why that &apos;s important at all .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , comedians - when i was young this seemed so incredibly difficult .
but webvideos have made it possible for us all or all of our creative activities to become incredibly famous in part of the culture of our world .
every one of you could be famous on the internet until next saturday .
but youtube uploads more than 48 hours of video per minute .
of these , only a tiny percentage ever becomes viral and is viewed thousands of times , becoming a cultural moment .
so how does it work?
three things: tastemaker , participation communities and the unexpected .
well , let &apos;s go .
oh my god  . oh my god  .
oh my god !
woah!
ohhhh , wowwww!
last year , bear vasquez sent this video he had filmed in front of his home in yosemite national park .
in 2010 , it had been viewed 23 million times .
this graphic shows what it looked like when the video first became popular last summer .
actually , bear did not want to make a viral video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow,
because that &apos;s what you do when you call yosemite mountain bear .
he had uploaded a lot of nature videos .
and this video was actually sent in january .
what happened here ?
there came jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that made the video so popular last time .
tastemakers like jimmy kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and show them to a large audience .
it  &apos;; s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody  &apos;; looking forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday . gettin  &apos;; down on friday . you did not think we would do this entertainment without talking about this video , i hope .
rebecca blacks  &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it has been viewed almost 200 million times this year .
that &apos;s what the graphics looked like .
just like &quot; double rainbow &quot; it seems to have come from nothing .
what happened that day?
well , it was friday , that &apos;s right .
if you  &apos;; s want to know: these other tips are also friday .
but what about this day , this particular friday?
well , tosh .0 it forked out , many blogs started writing about it .
michael j . nelson from the mystery science theater was the first to make a joke on twitter .
importantly , an individual or group of tastemakers took a stand , shared with a large audience , and thus accelerated the process .
then this community formed of people who shared this great insider joke and started talking and playing around with it .
now there are 10,000 parodies of  &quot; friday &quot; at youtube .
in the first seven days there was a parody for every single weekday .
unlike the one-sided entertainment of the 20th century , the participation of the community is our way of becoming part of this phenomenon - either by spreading it or making something new out of it .
&quot; nyan cat &quot; is animation and music in endless loop .
that &apos;s it , very simple .
this year it was viewed almost 50 million times .
and if you think that &apos;s crazy , you should know that there &apos;s a three-hour version of it , which was viewed four million times .
even cats are watching this video .
cats look at cats watching this video .
importantly , the creativity that prevails in the internet culture of techies and geeks .
there were remixes .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire remix community shot up from the ground , turning it from a stupid joke into something we can all take part in .
today we do not just enjoy something , we join in .
who could have foreseen all this?
who would have &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or  &quot; nyan cat &quot; can predict?
which scripts could you have written in which something is in there?
in a world in which every minute 2 days video material is uploaded , only really unique and unexpected can stand out as the mentioned videos .
i admit , i was not particularly interested when a friend told me to watch this great video , about a guy protesting in new york against bicycle bills .
i got a stammer because i did not ride on the bike path , but there are often disabilities that do not let you drive decently on the bike path .
since this was completely surprising and humorous , casey niestat &apos;s funny idea and his argument was viewed 5 million times .
this approach applies to everything new that we do creatively .
and all that leads us to the one big question  . . .
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
tastemaker , creative participant communities , totally unexpected , are the features of a new kind of media and culture to which everyone has access and in which the audience determines popularity .
as i said , one of the biggest stars - justin bieber - made his debut on youtube .
nobody has to give your ideas green light .
and today we all feel like the owners of our pop culture .
and these are not the features of the old media and they are hardly applicable to the media of today , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
many thanks  .
how can i talk about the interconnectedness of women over three generations in ten minutes , and how the amazing strength of this bondage manifested itself in the life of a four-year-old girl when she was with her little sister , her mother and her grandmother over five years ago huddled in a small boat in the chinese sea for long nights . a bond that became firmly rooted in the life of this little girl and never disappeared - this little girl who now lives in san francisco and speaks to them today?
the story is not over yet .
she is a puzzle that is still put together .
i would like to tell you about some of the puzzle pieces .
imagine the first piece: a man who burns his life &apos;s work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his homeland .
as the communists marched into saigon , remember how he had to admit that his life had been a waste .
the words , as long as his friends mocked his now .
he withdrew into the quiet .
he died , broken by the story .
he is my grandfather .
i never met him in person .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure that it was not in vain , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to crush us , but we survived it .
the next puzzle piece shows how a boat in the early morning red quietly runs out to sea .
my mother mai was 18 when her father died - already in an arranged marriage , already with two little girls .
for her , life had set her a task: the flight of her family and a new life in australia .
it was completely out of the question that she could fail .
after a four-year-old and cinematic saga , a boat glided silently onto the lake , camouflaged as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
the biggest fear was piracy , rape and death .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small poison bottle with her .
when i was captured , my sister and i , and then she and my grandmother would have drunk .
my first memories are of this boat - the steady chugging of the engine , the clapping of each wave on the bow , the wide and empty horizon .
i do not remember the pirates who came many times , but were fooled by the death-despair of the men on our boat , or by the failure of the engine , which did not want to start six hours .
but i remember the lights of the oil platform off the malaysian coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , the end of the journey was too much for him , and the taste of the first apple that one of the men on the platform gave .
no apple has ever tasted like this again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations who are building a new life together .
we settled in footscray , a working-class suburb whose population consists of immigrant strata .
unlike the old-established mid-range suburbs whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no pretension in footscray .
the smells from the shop doors came from the rest of the world .
and the scraps of broken english were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they started afresh .
my mother worked on farms , then on a production line in a car factory , six days , two shifts .
somehow she managed to find the time to acquire english and it-qualifications .
we were poor .
every dollar was allocated and put into further education for english and math , no matter what we had to do without . mostly new things were always second-hand .
two pairs of stockings for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform to the ankles , because she had to reach six years .
and there were the rare but painful choirs of &quot; schlitzauge &quot; and here and there murals: &quot; asians , go home . &quot;
home where to go?
something stiffened in me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation and a quiet voice said , &quot; i &apos;ll get you out of the way . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to the movements of our grandmother in the house .
my mother suffered from nightmares from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened a computer business , then did a baker &apos;s education and started another business .
and the women came with their stories about men who did not stand the change , angry and inflexible , and caring children trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were sought .
centers were set up .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one , i was the classic asian student who made inexorable demands on himself .
in the other , i was involved in insecure lives carrying tragic scars of violence , drug abuse and isolation .
but so many got help over the years .
and because of this help , in my final year of law school , i was selected as the young australian of the year .
and i was catapulted from piece to piece and the edges did not match .
tanle , an anonymous resident of footscray , was now a refugee and social activist invited to lectures she had never heard of and to dwellings she could never have imagined .
i was not familiar with the label .
i did not know how to use the cutlery .
i did not know how to talk about wine .
i did not know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back into the routine and comfort of the life of an unknown suburb - a grandmother , a mother and two daughters who completed each of their days as they had for twenty years , telling each other the stories of their day and falling asleep , we three still in the same bed .
i told my mother i would not be able to do that .
she reminded me that i was the same age as she was when we boarded the boat .
no was never a possibility .
 &quot; just do it  &quot;  , she said  . &quot; and do not be what you are not . &quot;
so i talked about youth unemployment and education , and the neglect of the marginalized and disenfranchised .
and the more openly i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all walks of life , so many of them did what they loved , living on the borders of the possible .
and although i graduated , i realized that i could not settle for a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and at the same time i realized that it &apos;s okay to be an outsider , a newcomer , fresh in the picture - and not just okay , but something to be grateful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
because belonging to it can easily lead to the collapse of horizons , so easily can mean accepting the assumptions of the environment .
i am now well enough out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks apart , but not as you would expect .
opportunities that were not allowed were explicitly encouraged .
there was an energy , a relentless optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
so i followed my belly feeling .
i gathered a small team of people around me for whom the drawer &quot; does not work &quot; an irresistible challenge .
for a year we did not have a cent .
at the end of each day i cooked a huge pot of soup , which we shared .
we worked until late at night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the usa
after only one trip there .
my belly feeling again .
three months later i moved and the adventure continued .
before i finish the lecture , i would like to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time when confucianism was the social norm and the local mandarin the most important person .
life had not changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without the support of her husband , she caused a sensation by bringing him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case , and an even greater sensation than she won .
 &quot; it does not work  &quot; proved untrue .
i was showering in a hotel room in sydney when she died . 1000 km away in melbourne .
i looked through the shower partition and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes later .
a few days later we went to a buddhist temple in footscray and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is your hand so warm and the rest of her so cold? &quot;
&quot; because they have been holding them since this morning &quot;  , he said  .
&quot; they did not let go&quot;  .
if there is a band in our family , then it goes through the women .
if we see who we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have got in the way .
the defeat would have been too easy .
now i would like to have my own children , and i still remember the boat .
who would ever want one?
yes , i am afraid of privileges , of lightness , of entitlement to a license .
can i give you a bug in your life that bravely braves every wave , the undeterred , steady chugging of the engine , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing?
i dont know  .
but if i could give this and get it through safely , i would do it .
besides , tans mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i am here to share my photography with you .
is it photography at all?
because that is of course a picture that you can not record with his camera .
nevertheless , my interest in photography began when i got my first digital camera , at the age of fifteen .
i combined it with my previous love for drawing , but it was a bit different , because when using the camera , the process was much more in the planning .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
for me , photography seemed more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could do that .
so i wanted to create something else , something in which the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this: a construction site along a busy street .
but it has an unexpected twist .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like these - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common goal of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean photo-reality .
because , of course , it is not something that you can really capture , but i always want to make it look as if you could have , in a photo .
photos where you have to think for a moment to find out the trick .
it &apos;s more about catching an idea than a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic?
is it about the details or the colors?
is it about the light?
what does the illusion create?
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
but ultimately it &apos;s about how we interpret the world and how it can be made tangible on a two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s not about what &apos;s realistic , but what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see it as a puzzle of reality , where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternative reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects that we can all identify with in a three-dimensional world .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it could exist .
but at the same time we know that that is not possible .
so we outsmart our brains , because our brain simply does not accept that it does not really make sense .
and i see the same process in combining photos .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things we do not think about , the things around us in our everyday lives .
but when we combine photos , it &apos;s really important to remember , because otherwise they just look wrong somehow .
i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic result .
as you can see , these are not three special pictures .
combined but you can create something special like this .
the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
secondly , combined photos should have the same lighting style .
and these two pictures meet these two requirements - shooting from the same height and the same lighting .
thirdly , it is about making it impossible to distinguish where the individual images begin and end by connecting them seamlessly .
makes it impossible to say how the photo was actually put together .
by blending color , contrast and brightness along the edges with individual images , adding photographic flaws such as depth of field , desaturated colors and disturbances , we blur the boundaries between the different images and make them look like a single photo , even though there are basically hundreds of images can contain from levels .
here is another example .
one may think that this is just a landscape picture , and the lower part has been manipulated .
this picture is in reality completely composed , from photos of different places .
i personally think that . that it is easier to create a place than to find a place , because you do not have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and when i got that idea in the winter , i knew that i would need several months to plan it , find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish was taken on a fishing trip .
the shore comes from a different place .
the underwater part comes from a quarry .
and yes , i even changed the house red on the top of the island to make it look more swedish .
in order to achieve a realistic result , it goes from planning to planning .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
then it &apos;s about the combination of the different pictures .
and here each piece is very well planned .
and then , when you make good shots , the result can be pretty nice , and also quite realistic .
so all the tools are there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
many thanks  .
i would like to discuss with you why so many electronic health projects fail .
and i think the key point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced at radboud university was to hire a main listener .
she does not do anything scientifically - she puts down a cup of coffee or tea and asks patients , families , relatives , &quot; how are you?&quot; 
how can we help you?  &quot;
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why all - maybe most of the electronic health projects fail: because we stopped listening .
this is my wlan-scale . a very simple thing .
she has a button , on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a task , as you may realize .
i have set my task at 95 kg .
it works very simple: every time i jump on the scales , she also sends my data to google health .
and there they are also called by my general practitioner , so that he can recognize where my weight problem lies , and not just in the moment in which i need cardiac support or so , but also with a look into the past .
but there is something else .
maybe you know , i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning i jump on my wlan-scale and the people talk to me before i &apos;m in the car: &quot; for lunch rather only a small salad today , lucien . &quot;
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the group pressure , group pressure to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could quit patient smoking .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and get them to play some kind of game together to better control their health .
from next week on the market comes .
there will be this little blood pressure meter connected to an iphone or so .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor and share it with others , for just over $ 100 .
at this point , the patients come into play . not only can you regain control , captain on your own ship , but you can also help us with health care in the face of the challenges ahead , as well as the cost explosion of health care , double demand , and so on .
make methods that are easy to use and begin to embrace patients in a team .
and you can do that through such methods , but also through crowdsourcing .
and one of the things we did is i want to share with you through a short video .
we have all navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even in our cell phones .
we know exactly where all atms are located around maastricht .
we still know one thing , where all petrol stations are .
and clearly , we can find fast food chains .
but where would the next aed be to help this patient?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
nobody knew where the next life-saving aed was to be found in that moment .
so what did we do? we have done crowdsourcing in the netherlands .
we &apos;ve built an internet site and asked a crowd ,  &quot; if you see an aed , please tell us where he is , when he &apos;s up , &quot; because sometimes it is closed during business hours , of course .
and over 10,000 aeds have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps for it .
and we designed an ipad app .
we have developed an app for layar , augmented reality to find these aeds .
and if you &apos;re in a city like maastricht and someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , your microsoft phone to find the next aed that can save lives .
and from today we want to introduce this not only as aed4u , as the product calls itself , but also as aed4us .
and we want to bring this to a global level .
and we are asking our colleagues from all over the world , from other universities , to help us act like knots to crowdsource these aeds around the world .
and when you are on vacation and someone breaks down , be it your own kin or anyone else , you can find such an aed .
the other thing we would like to ask is that companies around the world help us confirm these aeds .
these could be courier services , or technicians , for example , just to make sure the aed reported is still in its place .
please help us with this and try not only to improve your health , but also to take it into your own hands .
many thanks  .
today i will report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and my little startup wants us to force ourselves to protect the environment by  . . .
 . . . paying attention to crowdsourcing .
here is a short video about what we do .
oh . one moment  .
it may take time for it to load .
well - we can just skip that - i &apos;ll just skip the video instead  . . .
no .
this is not  . . .
okay .
solar technology is  . . .
oh , my time is over?
okay . many thanks  .
so a few years ago i started a program to get the stars in engineering and design to take a year off and work in an environment that is pretty much anything they hate , we have them in the government let work  .
the program is called  &quot; code for america &quot; and it &apos;s a bit like the peace corps for computer freaks .
we select a few fellows each year and we let them work with city administrations .
instead of sending you to the third world , we send you to townhouses .
and there they developed great apps , worked with urban co-workers .
but what you really do is to show what technology can do today .
so they meet al .
al is a hydrant in the city of boston .
here it looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for is someone who shovels him off when he &apos;s snowed in , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at firefighting when covered by a meter of snow is .
how did he come to seek help in this particular way?
last year we had a team of fellows in boston in the &quot; code for america &quot; program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized that the city never shovels these hydrants free .
but one particular fellow , a man named erik michaels-ober , noticed something else and that was that the residents were free to shovel the sidewalks right in front of them .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
you agree to shovel it freely when it &apos;s snowing .
if you do that , you can give it a name , and he named the first al .
if you do not , someone can take it away from you .
so there is a nice little game dynamics .
this is a modest little app .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps the fellows wrote last year .
but it does something that no other government technology does .
it is spreading rapidly .
there is this guy in the i .t . department of honolulu who has seen that he could use this app , not for snow , but for citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
it is very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries .
so he got the citizens to check them .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the clogged gullies .
and chicago has just introduced them so people can clear the sidewalks when it &apos;s snowing .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it has been spreading smoothly , organically , of course .
if you know about government technology , you know it does not usually work that way .
the procurement of software usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three people two and a half months .
it was about a way for parents to find out what the right public schools are for their children .
we were later told that if it were to go through the normal channels , it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
there is currently a project in california justice that has cost taxpayers $ 2 billion so far , and it &apos;s not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that is written in a few days , and then spreads by itself , is a kind of shot in front of the bug on the institution of the government .
it shows how the government could work better - no longer as a private company , as many people think it should .
and not even like a technology company , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , that means open and productive .
and that &apos;s important  .
but more important about this app is that it represents a new generation that tackles the government &apos;s problem - not as the problem of a fossilized institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and that is a very good news , because it shows that we are very good at the collective action with digital technology .
now there is a large community of people who make the tools we need to effectively tackle things together .
it &apos;s not just  &quot; code for america &quot; fellows , there are hundreds of people across the country who get up and write government apps every day in their own communities .
they did not give up the government .
they are terribly frustrated with her , but they do not complain , they fix her .
and these people know something we have lost sight of .
and that is when you forget all your feelings about politics and the queues at the employment office and all the other things we are really upset about is government , in the core , in the words of tim o  &apos;; reilly , &quot; what we do together , that we can not do alone . &quot;
today , a lot of people have given up the government .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i ask you to think about it because things are changing .
the policy does not change; the government is changing .
and because the government ultimately draws its strength from us - remember: &quot; we the people? &quot; - how we think about it will influence how this change happens .
i did not know much about government when i started this program .
and like many people , i thought that government is mainly about choosing people to be in office .
now , after two years , i have come to the conclusion that it is mainly with kommunen , to bag lovers .
this is the call center for service and information .
you usually come out there when you call 311 in your city .
if you ever had the chance to work in your urban call center , as our fellow scott silverman as part of the program - in fact , do it all - you will see the people , the government , because of many call various problems , including that a baggage rat in your house .
so scott gets this call .
he types &quot; bag-rat &quot; in the official database .
and he does not really have an idea . he starts with the animal catcher .
and finally he says: &quot; look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play loud music and see if the cattle are falling off? &quot;
and that worked . applause for scott .
but that was not the end of the bag lovers .
boston does not just have a call center .
it has an app , a web and mobile app called &quot; citizens connect &quot; ,
we did not write this app .
this is the work of very smart people in the office of &quot; new urban mechanics &quot; in boston .
one day - this is an actual report - this came in:  &quot; bag rat in my garbage can . can not say if she is dead .
how can i get it removed?  &quot;
but what about &quot; citizens connect &quot; happened is different .
scott talked from person to person .
but on &quot; citizens connect &quot; everything is public so everyone can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and the next entry we got was , &quot; i went over there , found the garbage bin behind the house .
baggage rat? yes  . alive? yap .
turned the garbage bin on the side . went home  .
good night , sweet bag-rat .  &quot;
quite easy  .
that &apos;s great  . here the digital meets the physical .
and it &apos;s also a good example of how the government is getting crowdsourcing .
but it is also a great example of government as a platform .
and i do not necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform here .
i tend to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
one citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she joined these two people .
and they could have been linked to government benefits if they were needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
if one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the animal catcher , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we have to remember that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they believe that one is the input of the other .
that our contribution to the system is the one to choose .
how many times have we elected a political leader - and sometimes we used a lot of energy to choose a new political leader - and then we sit back and expect the government to reflect our values ​​and meet our needs , and then has not much changed?
that &apos;s because the government is like a far ocean and politics that &apos;s the top 15cm .
and what is underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that makes them that we possess , and for which we pay , let something that works against us , something else , and then we disempower ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that &apos;s where the real government work takes place .
we have to get involved in the machinery of the government .
so the occupythese movement has done it .
have you seen these guys?
it is a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed 325-page report that responds to the sec-memo on the financial reform bill .
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being bureaucratic .
well , for those of us who have given up the government , it is time we thought about the world we want to leave for our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges you have to face .
do we really believe that we are achieving what we need to achieve without improving the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it must become more efficient .
the good news is that technology makes it possible to fundamentally reinterpret the government &apos;s function in ways that can actually achieve something by empowering society .
and there &apos;s a generation that grew up with the internet , and they know it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so unfortunately i am almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up to take their voice for granted .
they do not fight this fight , which we all fight , therefore , who is allowed to speak; they are all allowed to speak .
you can express your opinion on every channel at any time , and you do it .
so , when faced with the government &apos;s problem , they do not care so much about using their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve the work of the government .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be to shovel a hydrant , weed weed , turn a trash can with a bag-rat .
and sure , we could have shoveled these hydrants all the time , and many people do that .
but these apps are like little digital reminders that we are not just consumers , and we are not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
so the question i have for you all here: when it comes to the big , important things we need to do together , all together , will we be just a lot of voices , or will we be a lot of hands too?
thank you  .
normally , my role is to explain to people how wonderful the new technologies that are coming to be will be . and i thought , since i am here with friends , i would tell you what i really think . and also trying to look back and understand what is really going on , with those incredible leaps forward that are so swift that we can barely keep up .
i &apos;ll start by showing you a single , boring slide .
 . . . could you please briefly show the slide .
this is a foil , which i have chosen randomly from my folder .
i am not concerned with the details of the film , but rather with the general form .
this slide shows data from an analysis by us of the performance of risc processors compared to the performance of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this film , like some of the others that we often encounter in our field , is a kind of straight on a semi-logarithmic curve .
in other words: every step here corresponds to a potential in the performance scale .
and that is a novelty that we have to use this type scale on semi-logarithmic curves in the field of technology .
something very strange happens here .
that &apos;s essentially what i &apos;m going to talk about here .
so , if you could turn the light on again .
a little lighter , because i &apos;ll draw something on the paper here .
well , why do we draw graphs in technology on semi-logarithmic curves?
the reason for this is if i would draw it on a normal curve , where , say , this is the years , so the timeline of a kind , and this is any measure of technology that i want to plot with a graph , then the graph will be silly .
they look like this .
and that does not tell us much .
if i want to record another technology , let &apos;s say a transport technology , that would be very unreasonable on the semi-logarithmic scale , in the form of a flat line .
but if something like this happens , then it changes the qualitative circumstances .
so , if the transport technology progressed as fast as the microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow we could get into a taxi and in 30 seconds we would be in tokyo .
but that does not work so fast .
this has never happened before in the history of technology development , this kind of recursive growth that exponentially increases in size every few years .
the question i want to ask you is , if you look at these exponential curves , you see , they do not go on forever .
it is not possible that everything will evolve forever and ever as fast as now .
there are two possibilities :
it will either turn into a classic s curve like this , until something completely new comes along , or it will happen here .
that &apos;s about it .
well , i &apos;m optimistic , so i think something like this is going to happen here .
is that really how it is , then that means we are in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line , in a transition from the previous world to a new kind of world .
so the question that i would like to ask , and i often ask myself , is how this new world will be?
what is this new state that the world is slowly taking on?
because the transition seems to be very , very confusing when you are in the middle of it .
when i was a kid , the future was somewhere in the year 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future and you realize that the future is still in the year 2000 .
we can not go further than that .
in other words , the future has shrunk by a year each year since i was in this world .
i think the reason for that is that we realize that something is going on .
the transition happens . we can all feel it .
and we know that at the moment it just does not make sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the future because everything will be so different that a simple extrapolation from what we do now just does not make sense .
i would like to talk about what that might be , this transition in which we are currently .
to do this i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i believe that in order to really understand this we need to step back and look at the matter on a longer time scale .
i want to look at this on the timescale of earth &apos;s life .
i think the overall picture makes sense , if you divide it into a few billion-steps .
so let &apos;s go back , 2.5 billion years . the earth was a large , sterile lump of rock with many chemicals floating on it .
now , looking at the way these chemicals were organized , this gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
i believe , too , there are theories that begin to understand how everything started with rna , but i will tell you a simplified story of it that at that time there were small oil droplets floating around , containing various types of chemical formulations .
some of these oil droplets contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and thus grow .
everyone who was like that began to split up .
these small droplets of oil were in their sense the most primitive cell form .
however , these oil droplets were not alive in the present sense , because each of them was just a small , accidental recipe of chemicals .
and every time it split , the chemicals in it have become unevenly distributed .
so every droplet was a little different .
in fact , the droplets that had a composition that was more optimal for growth grew faster than others and integrated more and more chemicals from the outside and parted faster .
so they tended to survive longer and they multiplied to a greater extent .
so that &apos;s just a very simple chemical form of life , but it gets more interesting when these droplets learn a trick about abstraction .
in some way , which we still do not quite understand , these droplets have learned the ability to write down information .
they have learned to save the cell &apos;s recipe as information . in a certain chemical form , which we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless , evolutionary way , they have found a way that allowed them to write down what they were made of , so that this information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information storage remained the same for over 2.5 billion years in which it was created .
in fact , the recipe for us , our genes , consists of the exact same code and the same spelling .
every creature uses exactly the same letters and the same code .
we are ready to write something in this code for the sake of pleasure .
and here i have 100 micrograms of a white powder , which i try to keep away from security personnel in airports .
in it is - what i &apos;ve done , i &apos;ve taken this code - the code consists of normal letters , which we use to symbolize - and i have written my business card on a piece of dna and have strengthened it 10 ^ 22 times .
so if someone wants one hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it &apos;s right here .
if i had been a selfish person in reality , i would have written you on a virus and released it into the room .
so what &apos;s the next step?
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
and that &apos;s what these cells did - that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , very interesting step happened where the things became completely different . in fact , these cells began to communicate and share information , creating communities of cells .
i do not know if you already knew that , but bacteria can actually exchange their dna .
that is also the reason why , for example , the resistance to antibiotics grows .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin and have written this information along with other bacteria into the dna and now we have lots of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate with each other .
this communication now allowed the founding of communities , which in some sense were in the same boat; they were synergetic .
thus they either survived together or they went under together . this meant that when a community was successful , all of the community &apos;s individuals were repeated more often and favored by evolution .
the transition point is now where these communities moved so close together that they decided to write the recipe for the whole community in a string on the dna .
and the next interesting phase lasted about another billion years .
at this time , we have multi-cellular communities , communities of many different types of cells , which together function as a single organism .
in fact , we are also such a multi-cellular community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .
so these communities began to evolve , so that the plane on which the evolution took place was no longer the single cell , but the whole cellular community , which we call organism .
the next step was now within these communities .
the cell communities began to abstract information again .
and they developed special structures that did nothing other than process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
the nerve cells are thus the information processing apparatus these cell communities have built up .
they started training specialists within the community , special structures that were responsible for learning , understanding and retaining information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
because at this point in time , individual learning now occurred within the life span of a single organism rather than over that evolutionary time span .
for example , an organism could learn not to eat a particular fruit because it tasted bad and made it sick the last time he ate it .
this could be done within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago were needed , because this information had to be learned evolutionarily from the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these information processing structures were not yet available .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process using these special information structures because evolution could now take place within an individual .
it could take place within a temporal learning framework .
what happened after that was that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
as an example , the most refined version of this type of communication known to us is the human language .
it &apos;s quite a startling invention if you think about it .
i have a very complicated , messy and confused idea in my head .
i sit here and basically make grunting notes of mine , hoping to create a similarly confused idea in your head that has a certain similarity to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , transforming it into sounds , a sequence of sounds , producing something very complicated in the minds of others .
this allows us to function as a single organism again .
and what we have actually done , we , humanity , is , we have begun to abstract .
we go through the same stages that multicellular organisms have gone through - the abstraction of our methods , how we record , present , process data .
the invention of the language , for example , was a small step in this direction .
telephony , computers , video tapes , cd-roms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we have built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects us all together to something much bigger , and also able to evolve faster than we have been before .
nowadays evolution can happen in the period of microseconds .
you have also seen ty &apos;s little evolutionary example where he has a bit of evolution in the &quot; convolution &quot; program has shown right in front of your eyes .
so now we &apos;ve accelerated the timescale again .
the first steps in the story i told you took a billion years apiece .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , lasted several hundred million years .
then the next steps , such as language and so on , took less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to take only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself and thus , i think , auto-catalytic is the word for it - if something increases its rate of change .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this explosive turn .
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live professionally from building computers and i know that i could not use the mechanism i use to build computers without the recent advances in computer technology .
my current job is to design objects of such high complexity that it is impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i do not know what each transistor does in the connection machine .
it has billions of those .
what i do instead , and what the designers of thinking machines do , is , we think on a certain level of abstraction , handing it over to the machine , and the machine makes it something that far surpasses our capabilities , better and faster than we ever do could .
and she does it partly with methods that we do not even understand right now .
a method that is particularly interesting , and which l have often used lately , is evolution itself .
we install an evolutionary process in the machine , which runs in the microscale range .
to give an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that evolves from random instructions .
we say ,  &quot; computer , please generate one hundred million random sequences of instructions .
now please execute all these randomly chosen instructions , execute all the programs , and finally choose those that are closest to my specifications .  &quot;
so in other words , i first define what i want .
let &apos;s say i want to sort numbers , that would be a simple example i &apos;ve already used for that .
so find programs , which can sort the most likely numbers .
of course , the chance of randomly chosen instructions being very small is that they sort randomly by numbers , so probably none of the instructions will actually do that .
but one of them may , with luck , put two numbers in the right order .
now i say , &quot; computer , now take those 10% of the sequences that have come closest to my purposes .
save this , delete the rest .
now reproduce all the leftover ones that have sorted the numbers best .
namely with a method of recombining , analogous to reproduction .  &quot;
take two programs and you produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children inherit the features of the subroutines from the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by combining programs that have come a bit closer to what they are .
say , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;
she rates again .
maybe introduce some mutations .
and try the whole thing again with another generation .
all these generations take only a few milliseconds
and so i can go through millions of years of evolution in less than a few minutes . or in more complicated cases , some hours .
in the end i get programs that can sort numbers perfectly .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever have written by hand .
when i look at these programs then i can not say how they work .
i tried to understand her .
they are kinky and strange programs .
but you do the job .
i know and am quite sure that you will do the job because you come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .
because her life depended on her doing the job right .
i once sat in a 747 with marvin minsky when he pulled out a card and said , &quot; oh look , look at that .
there it is  ,  &apos;; this plane consists of hundreds of thousands of small parts that work together to make your flight safer .  &apos;; does not that make you more confident?  &quot;
we know that a development process is not optimal if it gets too complicated .
so we start to rely on computers , for a process that is very different from the classical engineering .
it allows us to do things with a much higher complexity than the normal methods would allow us to produce .
and yet we do not quite understand the possibilities of it .
so to speak , technology outstrips us .
we now use these programs to make the computers much faster so that we are able to perform these processes even faster .
so there is a feedback .
it gets faster and faster and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confusing .
because all of today &apos;s new technologies feed on themselves .
we take off  .
we have reached a point that is analogous to the time when single-cell organisms evolved into multi-cellular organisms .
so we are the amoebas and we still can not quite figure out what hell we are actually creating here .
we are in the middle of this transition point .
but i really believe that something is coming after us .
i find it very haughty to say that we are the end product of evolution .
and i think we all are part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is coming up and i think i &apos;ll stop here now , before i &apos;m even picked out .
my story starts right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert together with sufi singer mukhtiar ali .
we talked about that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic &quot; mahabharata . &quot;
if we wanted to travel back then , we jumped into a car and whizzed across the sky .
now we do it with planes .
at that time , when the great indian warrior prince arjuna thirsty , he took a bow , shot into the ground and water came out .
now we do it with drills and machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that really made me sad .
i got a bit afraid of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and without tweet to my friends .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50 year old technology became the most magical thing for me .
it became a golden gateway to a world of pirates and shipwrecked ships and imagery in my imagination .
it seemed to me that our smart watches and cameras kept us from dreaming .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to make magic possible rather than kill it .
i began to illustrate books when i was 16 years old .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a story-telling device that can connect readers all over the world .
it knows how we hold it .
it can know where we are .
it brings together images and text , animation , sounds and touch .
the storytelling uses more and more senses .
but what do we do with it?
i &apos;m just going to khoya , an interactive ipad app .
it says , &quot; put your fingers in every light . &quot;
and so - it says ,  &quot; this box belongs  . . . &quot; i write my name .
and i become a figure in the book .
now and then a letter falls down for me - and the ipad knows by gps where i live - which is correctly addressed to me .
the child in me is really excited about such possibilities .
i talked a lot about magic .
i &apos;m not referring to magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all had as children .
i always found fireflies in a glass very exciting .
so you have to tilt the ipad here and let out the firefly .
and they illuminate the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a kid is that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a single marble .
and therefore here every book and every world becomes a little marble , which i draw here to the magic device in the device .
and this opens a map .
fantasy books have always had cards , but these cards were static .
this card grows and shines and serves as an orientation in the rest of the book .
it also shows in other parts of the book .
i &apos;m going in here .
also it is important for me to create something that is indian but also very contemporary .
these are the apsaras .
we &apos;ve all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the apsaras?
the poor apsaras were trapped in indra &apos;s chambers for thousands of years , in an old musty book .
and we bring them back , in a contemporary story for children .
a story that deals with new issues , such as the environmental crisis .
on the topic of environmental crises , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , at their computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction of the book you will be sent on a search . you have to go out and collect pictures of natural objects with the ipad &apos;s camera .
as a kid i had collections of stumps , rocks , pebbles and shells .
somehow the kids do not do that anymore .
this childhood ritual is returned . you have to go out to take a picture of a flower in a section and mark it .
in another chapter you have to take a photo of a piece of tree bark and mark it .
this is how you actually create a digital collection of photos that you can put online .
a child in london shows the image of a fox and says: &quot; oh , today i saw a fox &quot;
a child in india says: &quot; today i have seen a monkey &quot;
this creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos that you have actually taken .
there are a variety of ways to combine the world and technology .
in the next book we plan an interaction using the video of the ipad and see through augmented reality an animation of elves appearing on a plant in front of the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the winds , blow them away and read the rest of the book .
we are all moving toward a world where the forces of nature are getting closer to technology and where magic and technology can come closer .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and to the magic , fun and love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
many thanks  .
this is really an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in detention , prisons or death cells .
i spend most of my time with the most socially disadvantaged in the housing estates and places where there is a great deal of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating that is has given me a lot of power .
in the short time here i realized one thing: ted has an identity .
you can say things here that have a worldwide influence .
and sometimes , when something comes over ted , it gets a meaning and power that it would not otherwise have .
i say that because i believe that identity is very important .
we have seen some fantastic presentations .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher are meaningful , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good . but as a caring doctor you can do more .
and that &apos;s why i want to talk about the power of identity .
by the way , i did not learn that in my job as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household dominated by a matriarch , and this matriarch was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the last word in every family dispute .
it was also the starting point of many disputes in our family .
she was the daughter of a slave family .
her parents were born slaves in virginia in the 1840s .
she was born around 1880 and the experience of slavery shaped her worldview very much .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also affectionate .
when i met her as a little boy , she came up to me and hugged me .
she squeezed me so hard that i could barely breathe . then she let me go .
an hour or two later , when i met her , she came up to me and said , &quot; bryan , do you still feel my embrace? &quot; 
and when i said &quot; no,&quot;  she embraced me again . when i said yes , she left me alone .
there was something about her that made you always want to be close to her .
the only problem was that she had ten children .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes , when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins ​​walked everywhere .
i remember , i must have been eight or nine , that i woke up one morning and went into the living room . all my cousins ​​walked around .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room and stared at me .
at first , i thought that was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
that went 15 or 20 minutes . then she got up and came over to me . she took my hand and said , &quot; come , bryan . you and me , we have to talk . &quot; 
i still remember it as it was yesterday .
i &apos;ll never forget it  .
she took me outside and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;ll tell you something , but you have to promise that you will not pass it on . &quot; 
i said , &quot; i promise , grandma . &quot; 
she said , &quot; honor? &quot;  i said yes  . &quot; 
she put me down and looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot; 
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot; 
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot; 
i will never forget that  .
then she said , &quot; all you have to do is promise me three things , bryan . &quot; 
i said , &quot; ok , grandma . &quot; 
she said , &quot; first , promise me that you will always love your mum . &quot; 
she said , &quot; your mom is my baby and you have to promise that you will always take care of her . &quot; 
i worshiped my mother , so i said , &quot; yes , grandma , i &apos;ll do that . &quot; 
then she said , &quot; next , promise me that you will always do the right thing . &quot; even if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing . &quot; 
i thought about it and said , &quot; yes , grandma . i promise it  . &quot; 
finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol . &quot; 
well , i was nine years old and so i said , &quot; yes , grandma . i promise it  . &quot; 
i grew up in the countryside , in the old , rural south and i have a brother who is one year older and a sister one year younger .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and brought this sixpack beer with me grabbed my sister and me and went with us in the woods .
we only fooled there as usual .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister , and she accepted , and then they offered one to me .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . already ok  . you only do . i do not want beer . &quot; 
my brother said , &quot; go on . today we do that , you do everything else we do .
i had something , your sister had something . go , have a beer . &quot; 
i said , &quot; i do not want to . you only do . you only do . &quot; 
my brother stared at me .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you? now have a drink . &quot; 
then he looked at my face and said , &quot; oh no , you &apos;re not always crazy about talking to grandma? &quot; 
i said , &quot; what are you talking about? &quot; 
he said: &quot; grandma tells all the grandchildren that they are special . &quot; 
i was devastated  .
i will confess something to you .
i probably should not do that .
this may be broadcast publicly .
i am 52 years old and i confess that i have never drunk a drop of alcohol before .
i do not say that because i believe that it is virtuous . i say that because identity means power .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can tell the people around us that they initially do not believe .
we can get them to do things that they thought they could not do .
of course my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren that they are special .
my grandfather was in jail during prohibition .
my uncle died from alcohol-induced illnesses .
and she believed that these were the issues we needed to address .
i tried to say something about our judicial system .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in detention centers and in prison .
today there are 2.3 million .
the united states has the highest incarceration rate in the world today .
seven million people are released on probation or with conditional punishment .
in my opinion , mass imprisonment has fundamentally changed our world .
in socially deprived and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness reign due to these changes .
one in three male blacks between the ages of 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison , on parole or with conditional punishment .
in urban communities across the country - from los angeles to philadelphia , baltimore to washington - 50 to 60 percent of all black young men are either in prison , in prison , on parole or with conditional punishment .
however , our system is not only shaped by issues of racial affiliation , it is also distorted by poverty .
we have a system of justice in this country that treats them much better when they are rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
assets , not debt , affect the result .
nevertheless , we seem to be completely satisfied with that .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these issues are not our problems .
we lost the contact .
i think that &apos;s interesting .
there are some exciting developments .
my hometown alabama permanently denies them the right to vote if they are convicted .
here and now in alabama , 34 percent of the black male population have permanently lost their voting rights .
in ten years &apos; time , we predict that the rate of revocation of civil rights of honor will be as high as before the adoption of the electoral law .
silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america are the only country in the world condemning thirteen-year-old children to death in prison .
in this country , there are life sentences for children without conditional punishment .
we have a lot of procedures already .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in death cells .
the question of the death penalty is an interesting question .
we believe that because we have been taught that the true question is this , does a person deserve to die for a crime committed by him?
that &apos;s a very sensitive question .
but you can also think differently about it , depending on how we see our identity .
the other way of looking at things is not: does anyone deserve death for a crime , but: did we deserve to kill?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by mistake .
on nine people we have executed , one comes , whom we have found innocent , who was relieved and released from the death cell .
an amazing error rate . one in nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly with an airplane if one crashes for nine planes taking off .
but somehow we manage to unsubscribe from this problem .
it is not our problem .
it is not our burden .
it is not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i talk about race and ask if we have the right to kill .
and it &apos;s exciting because i teach my students african-american history . i &apos;m talking about slavery .
i talk about terrorism , the time towards the end of the reconstruction , to the beginning of world war ii .
we do not really know much about it .
but for the african americans in this country it was a time of terror .
in many areas people had to be afraid of lynchmobs,
or before bombs .
it was the fear of terror that shaped her life .
these older people come to me and say , &quot; mr , stevenson , they talk , they give lectures . they tell people to stop saying that for the first time in the history of our nation , we are dealing with terrorism: after 9/11 . &quot; 
they say , &quot; no - tell people that we grew up with it . &quot; 
and of course after racism came racial segregation and decades of racially motivated subjugation and apartheid .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country  . . . we do not like to talk about our problems .
we do not like to talk about our history .
and therefore we do not really understand the meaning of our actions in the historical context .
we constantly collide .
we are always creating new tensions and conflicts .
it &apos;s hard for us to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s because we &apos;re not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that racial segregation can not be overcome without the willingness for truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this our country .
i have held several lectures in germany on the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists got up after my talk and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that . &quot; 
he said: &quot; there is no death penalty in germany .
and of course there can never be any more in germany . &quot; 
it became very quiet . then a woman said: &quot; our history makes it impossible for us to ever again speak out for the systematic killing of people .
it would be conscienceless of us to deliberately and purposefully execute people . &quot; 
i was thinking about it  .
how it would feel to live in a world where the german state executed people , especially if there were disproportionately many jews among them .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unscrupulous .
and yet , here in this country , in the states of the old south , we judge people - here is the risk of being sentenced to death eleven times higher if the victim is white than if it is black . twenty-two times higher , when the defendant is black and knows the victim - in the same states where the bodies of the lethargic people rest in their earth .
and yet there is this mental disconnection .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we do not deal with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but in the end , these realities are overshadowed by suffering , abuse , disparagement , exclusion .
it seems important to me to combine both .
because we are talking about the fact that we need more hope , more commitment , more devotion to survive in a complex world .
for me that means spending time , thinking and talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , the ones who will never be at ted .
but think in a way that is integrated into our own lives .
we all must ultimately believe things that we can not see .
we do that . as rational as we are , as much as we intellectually value .
innovation , creativity , and development do not just come from our minds .
they come from ideas that are driven by the conviction in our hearts .
it is this heart and soul connection that i believe drives us not only to be open to all the bright and exciting things , but also to the dark and problematic ones .
vaclav havel , the great czech politician , once said:
&quot; when we were fighting against oppression in eastern europe , we wanted everything possible . but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual orientation , the willingness to be in desperate places , and witness . &quot; 
this mental orientation is at the core of what i believe the ted communities must be committed to .
there is no demarcation of technology and design that allows us to be wholly human unless we have eyes and ears for poverty , exclusion and injustice .
i want to warn you . this kind of identity demands a lot more from us than we did not care about it .
she will touch her deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of meeting pink parks,
ms . parks always came back to montgomery , where she met two of her oldest friends . these older women , johnnie carr , who had organized the montgomery bus boycott - an incredible african american - and virginia durr , a white , whose husband , clifford durr , dr . king represented .
so these women met and talked easily .
from time to time , mrs . carr called me and said , &quot; bryan , frau park is coming to town . we want to talk .
do you want to come and listen? &quot; 
and i said , &quot; yes , very much . &quot; 
she said , &quot; and what will they do when they are here? &quot; 
i said , &quot; i &apos;ll listen . &quot; 
and i went over and just listened .
it has always been so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day i sat there and listened to these women , and after a few hours , ms . parks turned to me and said , &quot; now bryan , tell me what the  &apos;initiative for equal right &apos; is .
what are you trying to achieve? &quot; 
i started with my usual lecture .
i said , &quot; we try to act against injustice .
we want to help people who have been convicted of innocence .
we want to combat bias and discrimination in the penal system .
we want to abolish life imprisonment without conditional punishment for children .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to reduce the number of inmates .
we want to do away with mass imprisonment . &quot; 
i gave my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and said , &quot; umm . mhmm . mhmm . &quot; 
she said , &quot; that will make her very , very tired . &quot; 
then she leaned over to me , put a finger on my face and said , &quot; and that &apos;s why they have to be very , very brave . &quot; 
and that &apos;s why i think the ted community should be braver .
we have to find ways . to face up to these challenges: these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately our humanity depends on our humanity .
i learned very simple things in my work .
i learned a few simple things .
that we are all more than the worst we have ever done .
i think that applies to every human being on the planet .
if someone is lying , he is not just a liar .
if someone takes something that does not belong to him , he is not just a thief .
even someone who kills someone is not just a murderer .
and because that is so , there is a fundamental human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i do not believe that  .
i believe that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
and finally , i believe that , although it is so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , and so inspiring , in the end we are not measured by our technology , not by the things we develop , not in our intellect and understanding .
in the end , a society is not judged by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but by how it deals with the poor , the convicted , the imprisoned .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us different .
sometimes i lose the balance . a story at the end .
sometimes i push too much .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas precede our thinking , in a very important way .
i represent these children , who were sentenced to very severe punishment .
i go to the detention center and visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old and who should stand trial as an adult .
then i wonder: how could that happen?
how can a judge turn someone into something he is not?
the judge regards him as an adult , but i see a child .
one night , i stayed up too long and thought , gosh , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he must have magical powers .
yes , bryan , the judge has magical powers .
you should also wish you some .
and because it was late , and i could not think properly , i started working on a proposal .
i had a 14-year-old , poor black boy as a client .
and i started with this request . the headline read: &quot; request to treat my poor , 14-year-old black client as a privileged , white , 75-year-old top manager . &quot; 
in my application , i stated that misconduct by the public prosecutor &apos;s office and the police as well as procedural errors had to be taken into account .
there was a crazy line about the fact that in this country nothing is right , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning i woke up and did not remember if i had just dreamed this crazy request or actually written it .
and to my horror i had not only written it , but also sent it to the court .
a few months passed and i had just forgotten everything .
but finally i decided , god , i have to go to the court and tell this crazy case .
i got into the car and was really overwhelmed - overwhelmed .
so i drove to the court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the court .
as i went up the stairs to the court . there was an older , black man , the janitor in the court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , &quot; who are they? &quot; 
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said,&quot;  are you a lawyer? &quot;  i said yes  . &quot; 
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of her . &quot; 
and i have to say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability of each individual to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me,
he said , &quot; mr . stevenson , have you made this crazy request? &quot; 
i said yes  . «and then we started to discuss .
more and more people came in just because they were angry
that i had written these crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy prosecutors and office workers .
in no time at all , the courtroom was full of people angry that we talked about skin color , about poverty , about inequality .
from my corner of my eye , i saw the caretaker pacing up and down .
he kept looking through the window and could hear the whole tohuwabohu .
he went up and down .
finally , this elderly black man came into the courtroom with a very worried face print and sat directly behind me , almost on the defense bench .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during the break , a police officer came in , bothering that the janitor was in the courtroom .
that deputy ran over to the older black one .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom? &quot; 
the older black man got up . he looked at the deputy , then looked at me , and he said , &quot; i came here to tell this young man , do not lose sight of the goal . do not give up  . &quot; 
i came to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far off , but that it tends to justice .
that as humans we are not fully developed unless we care about human rights and values .
that all our survival is linked to the survival of each individual .
that we must combine our vision of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i just want to say to those of you who see it that way: do not lose sight of the goal . do not give up  .
they have seen and heard an obvious desire from this audience , this community , to help them and to do something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson: well , there are possibilities everywhere .
if you live in california , there is a referendum this spring , which is really about making an effort to divert some of the cash flow that otherwise flows into the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , one billion dollars will be spent on the death penalty over the next five years . a billion dollars .
and yet , 46% of all homicides do not end in arrest .
56% of all cases of rape do not come before the court .
there is a chance to do something here .
this referendum will suggest investing the money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
for the past three decades , the crime rate in america has fallen dramatically .
this fact is often linked to the increased incarceration numbers .
what would you say to someone who believes that?
well , in fact , the number of violent crimes has not changed much .
most of the mass imprisonment in this country did not really take place in the class of violent crimes .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
therefore , the dramatic high pay of the prisoners .
we were carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now we have &quot; three-offense&quot;  laws that put people behind bars forever , bike theft , minor theft , instead of forcing them to return things to the victims .
i think we have to do more to help people who have become victims of crime , not less .
and i believe our current punishment philosophy will not help anyone .
i think that &apos;s what we have to change .
bryan , you really made a string swing here .
you are an inspirational personality .
thanks for being with ted . many thanks  .
spokesman: bin laden &apos;s death entails an increased risk of danger .
spokesman 2: famine in somalia . spokesman 3: pepper spray of the police .
spokesman 4: evil cartels . spokesman 5: dangerous cruise ships .
spokesman 6: social decline . spokesman 7: 65 dead .
spokesman 8: tsunami warning . spokesman 9: cyber-attacks
different speakers: drug war . mass destruction weapons . tornado .
recession . standstill . doomsday . egypt . syria .
crisis . death  . catastrophe  .
oh my god  .
so these are just a few of the clips i &apos;ve collected over the past six months - but it could also have been the last six days . or the last six years .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative issues because our minds pay close attention to these issues .
and there is a very good reason for that .
every second every day our senses capture much more information than our brain can ever handle .
and because nothing is more important to us than our survival , the first stop for all the information is part of our temporal lobe , the amygdala .
the amygdala is our early warning system , our danger detector .
it sorts and scours all the information in search of any indication of danger in our environment .
so when we see the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old adage , &quot; if it bleeds , demand increases &quot; is very true .
now , with all of our digital devices delivering all of this negative news 24 hours a day , seven days a week , it &apos;s no wonder we &apos;re pessimistic .
it is no wonder that everyone thinks that the world is getting worse and worse .
but maybe this is not the case .
maybe that &apos;s the reality .
perhaps the tremendous progress that we have made in the last century through a series of forces will accelerate so much that in the next three decades we will be able to create a world of abundance .
well , i &apos;m not saying that we do not have big problems - climate crisis , species extinction , water and energy problems - we already have them .
and as humans , we are much better at anticipating problems in the very long term , but ultimately overcoming them .
let &apos;s take a look at what we have achieved in the last century so that we can anticipate the development .
average life expectancy has more than doubled in the last 100 years , and the average world population &apos;s inflation-adjusted average income has tripled .
child mortality has decreased by one tenth .
in addition , food , electricity , transportation and communication costs have decreased many times over .
steve pinker showed us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of human history .
and according to charles kenny , the literacy rate has risen from 25% to 80% in the past 130 years .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we are constantly raising our expectations .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
keep in mind that a large proportion of americans living below the poverty line have access to electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , televisions , cell phones , air conditioners and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the imperators of the earth , could never have dreamed such luxuries .
much of it is based on technologies , and these are growing exponentially .
my good friend ray kurzweil has shown us that every tool that becomes information technology makes big leaps on the moores law , and the price-performance-quotient doubles every 12 to 24 months .
that &apos;s why the mobile phone in your pocket costs around one million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the 1970s .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law of the last hundred years .
note two things about this curve .
first , how smoothly it runs - in good times and in bad times , war or peace , recession , depression and boom .
that &apos;s the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it does not slow down for any of our big problems .
in addition , despite its logarithmic course on the left , it runs uphill .
the growth rate itself is thus accelerating .
and on this turn , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a number of exceptional technologies available to all .
&quot; cloud computing &quot; something my friends at autodesk &quot; infinite-computing &quot; call , sensors and networks , robots , 3d printers that make it possible to democratize personal production on our planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nano-materials and artificial intelligence .
how many of them have won the ibms supercomputer watson at &quot; risk &quot; seen ?
that was terrific .
i scoured the newspapers and searched for the best headlines i could find .
i love these: &quot; watson defeats human adversary . &quot;
&quot; risk &quot; is not an easy game .
it &apos;s about understanding the nuances of the language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to every owner of a mobile phone .
four years ago ray kurzweil and i started here at ted a new university , the &quot; singularity university &quot; called  .
we teach our students all these technologies , with a special focus on how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask students to create companies , products and services that can positively influence the lives of billions of people within a decade .
think about how a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can point to dozens of companies that have done just that .
when i think of abounding , i do not mean a life of luxury for anyone on this planet; i want to create a life full of possibilities .
it &apos;s about making abundance of scarce goods .
scarcity is contextual , and technology is a resource-liberating force .
here is an example  .
this is the story of napoleon iii . in the middle of the 18th century .
he is the guy on the left .
he has invited the king of siam for supper .
napoleon &apos;s soldiers got silver cutlery , napoleon himself got gold cutlery .
the king of siam , however , got aluminum cutlery .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at that time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is why the dome of the washington monument was made of aluminum .
although aluminum occupies 8.3 percent of the earth &apos;s mass , it does not appear to be pure metal .
it is linked by oxygen and silicates .
but then the technology of electrolysis was developed and made aluminum production so favorable that we use it with our throwaway mentality .
then let us project this analogy into the future .
we think today of energy shortage .
my ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is filled with 5,000 times more energy than we consume annually .
16 terawatt energie patter every 88 minutes on the surface of the earth .
it is not a shortage , the problem is accessibility .
and there are good news .
this year , for the first time , it has been possible to reduce the cost of solar power in india to 50 percent of the diesel power - 8.8 rupees compared to 17 rupees .
the cost of solar energy fell by 50 percent last year .
last month published this with a study showing that by the end of this decade solar energy in the sunny regions of the usa will cost 6 cents per kwh , compared to 15 cents in the national average .
and if we have a surplus of energy then we will also have plenty of water .
let &apos;s talk about water wars .
do you remember when carl sagan turned the voyager spacecraft back to earth in 1990 , when it passed saturn?
he took a famous photo . what was it called?
&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
because we live on a water planet .
we live on a planet 70 percent covered with water .
yes , it &apos;s 97.5 percent salt water , 2 percent is iced , and we &apos;re fighting for 0.5 percent of the planet &apos;s water , but there &apos;s hope here as well .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
new nanotechnologies are on the way , nano-materials .
and from a conversation this morning with dean kaman , one of the innovators of do it yourself , i would like to share something with you - he gave me the permission - his technolgy , the &quot; slingshot &quot; which many of you may already have heard of . it has the size of a fridge in the student residence .
it can produce a thousand liters of clean drinking water per day from different sources - whether salt water , polluted water , latrine - and all that for less than 2 cents per liter .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a large test project with a hundred units in developing countries .
and if all goes well , and i am very confident , then coca-cola will apply this technology globally in 206 countries all over the planet .
this is technology-supported innovation that exists today .
and we have seen this on mobile phones as well .
goodness , we &apos;ll soon reach the 70 percent coverage rate of mobile phones in developing countries by the end of 2013 .
just remember that a massai warrior with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has better mobile communication than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you search google with your smartphone , you have more access to information and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
you live in a world that has information and communication in abundance that no one else could ever have predicted .
and , even better , the things she and i spent several thousand dollars on - gps , hd video and photo , libraries full of books and music , medical diagnostics technology - are literally becoming dematerialized and cheaper in her phone .
and the best part of it may be what awaits us in the area of ​​health .
in the last month i had the pleasure , with the qualcomm foundation the so-called &quot; $ 10 million qualcomm tricorder x prize &quot; to announce .
we challenge teams around the world to connect all these technologies together in a mobile phone so that you can talk to the device because it &apos;s equipped with ki , you can cough up or test your blood counts .
and to win , the device needs to diagnose better than a team of highly qualified doctors .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there are no doctors , but 25 percent of the burden of disease and 1.3 percent of health workers .
when this device sequences a rna or dna virus that is not known , it calls the health authority and prevents a pandemic before it breaks out .
but now to the greatest power that will lead us to a world of abundance .
i call them &quot; the coming billion &quot; ,
the white lines represent population .
we have just passed the 7 billion mark .
and by the way , the biggest hedge against a population explosion is better education and nutrition throughout the world .
in 2010 , we had just under two billion people online connected .
by 2020 , we expect to grow from two to five billion internet users .
three billion new heads that we have never heard of before will join global communications .
what do these people need?
what will you consume? what will you desire?
and instead of economic stagnation , i see one of the biggest economic bouts in history .
these people represent several trillions of dollars that will flow into the global economy .
and they will become healthier by using the tricoder , and they will be better educated by the khan academy , and by having the possibility of 3d printing and &quot; infinite computing &quot; and be so much more productive than ever before .
so what can 3 billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the community bring to us?
how about a set of new , never heard before voices .
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to attract attention and create change , for the very first time?
what will these three billion people bring with them?
how about posts that we can not even predict?
one of the things i learned from the x prize is that small teams motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big companies and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish with a story that really got me excited .
there is a program that some may already know .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it &apos;s a game in which people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will evolve .
depending on your behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in medical research .
so far this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by university professors and so on .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of people who have played the game online .
and it showed that today human pattern recognition folds the proteins better than the best supercomputers .
and when these people came and saw who was the best protein folder in the world , this was not a co-professor , nor a caltech student , it was somebody from england , manchester , a woman who worked as an assistant to the management during the day reha clinic worked at night and was the best protein folder in the world .
my ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in our future is the fact that today we do more than have individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with exponential technology .
we have the passion of a diy innovator .
we have the capital of the techno-philanthropic .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges and to do what is needed .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you very much  .
i believe we need to do something about a changing piece of medical culture .
and i think it starts with a doctor and that &apos;s me .
and maybe i have been in the business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own false prestige to make this possible .
but before i get to the topic of my speech , let &apos;s start with a little baseball .
hey , why not?
we are close to the season and we are heading for the world championship .
we all love baseball , right?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
&quot; moneyball &quot; coming soon and revolving around statistics and to use them to set up a great baseball team .
i will refer to a statistic that i hope most of you have heard of before .
it is the average power of the racket .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 when a bat strikes 300 .
this means that the player certainly hits 3 out of 10 hits .
that means to hit the ball into the field , it comes up , it is not caught , and who tried to throw the ball to the first base did not make it in time and the runner was in safety .
three out of 10 .
do you know how to call a 300th in major league baseball?
good , really good , maybe an all-star .
do you know how to call a 400ter?
that is someone who is sure to hit 4 out of 10 .
legendary - as ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 times during a regular season .
let us transfer you back to my world of medicine , where i feel a lot more comfortable or maybe a little less comfortable after talking to them about it .
suppose you have a pelvic inflammation and you are referred to a surgeon whose average performance is 400 with regard to celiac inflammation .
somehow it does not work , right?
assuming you live in a certain remote area , you have a loved one with clogged coronary vessels , and your family doctor assigns you to a cardiologist whose average performance in vascular imaging is 200 .
but , but do you know what?
she is much better this year . she is on the way up .
and she hits a 257 .
somehow it does not work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think the average performance should be for a cardiologist or nurse or orthopedist , an obstetrician , a rescuer?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that nobody in medicine knows what a good surgeon or doctor or rescue assistant should be .
what we do , however , is that we send each one of them , myself included , to the world with the claim to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but no one will worry about the details of how this should be done .
and that &apos;s the message i took in my medical studies .
i was a compulsively obsessive student .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian goldmann was studying for a blood test .
and so it was  .
and i learned in my little parlor in the sister residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
i learned everything by heart .
in my lecture on anatomy i learned the origins and spurs of every muscle , every branch of every artery , which leads away from the aorta , obscure and ordinary differential diagnoses .
i even knew the differential diagnosis to classify renal tubular acidosis .
and all the time i gathered more and more knowledge .
and i was fine , i finished cum laude .
and i left the study of medicine with the impression that i , if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close to completeness as possible that i was immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while , until i met a printer .
i resided at a teaching hospital here in toronto when a woman printer was brought to me in the emergency department of the hospital .
at this time , i was assigned to the cardiological level in the cardiology service .
and it was my assignment when the emergency medical staff sought cardiac counseling to examine the emergency patient .
and give feedback to my senior physician .
i was examining women &apos;s printers and she was in a breathless condition .
and as i listened to her , she made panting noises .
and when i checked her breast with the stethoscope , i could hear a crackling sound on both sides , telling me that she was suffering from congestive heart failure .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , instead of pumping all the blood , part of the blood gets stuck in the lungs and fills them gradually , so the shortness of breath came .
and that was not a difficult diagnosis .
i turned it on and went to the treatment .
i gave her aspirin . i gave her medicine to relieve pressure from my heart .
i gave her medicine , which we call diuretics , water tablets so that she eliminated the liquid .
and over a period of one and a half to two hours , she began to feel better .
i felt really good .
and there i made my first mistake; i sent her home .
i actually made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my senior physician .
i did not pick up the phone and did what i should have , what a call to my senior physician would have been to clarify it with him , so that he would have had a chance to make his own image .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i did not want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i acted that way i would be able to care for my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home i disregarded a soft voice within me , trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea , do not do that . &quot;
in fact , i was so lacking in self-confidence that i asked the nurse who was looking after a woman printer , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay to go home? &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said in a factual way , &quot; of course , i think she &apos;ll be fine . &quot;
i remember it as it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and ambulance assistants came and took them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , the evening i had this nagging feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day i packed my things , left the hospital and went to the car park to drive home when i was doing something i would not otherwise do .
i went home through the emergency department on my way home .
and there said another nurse , not the sister who had looked for woman printer , but another three words to me and these three words fear most of the emergency doctors that i know .
other doctors also fear it , but emergency medicine is very special because we only see the patients so fleetingly .
the three words are: do you remember?
&quot; do you remember the patient you sent home? &quot;
the nurse asked matter-of-factly .
&quot; so she is back , &quot; she said in that particular tone .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived home , after i sent her home , she collapsed and the family called 911 . the rescue assistants took them back to the emergency department with a blood pressure of 50 , which is a dangerous state of shock .
she barely breathed and blushed .
the emergency personnel pulled all strands .
they gave her an increase in blood pressure .
they connected them to the ventilator .
i was shocked and shattered to the core .
and i went through this roller coaster because she came to the intensive care station after stabilization and i hoped that she would recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never wake up again .
she had suffered an untreatable brain damage .
her family gathered .
and over the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to what had happened .
on the other day they let you go - woman printer , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
it is said that one never forgets the names of those dying .
and that was the first time i experienced this myself .
i blamed myself for the next few weeks and for the first time myself experienced the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture - i felt alone , isolated , not the kind of healthy shame you feel because you &apos;re not with your colleagues can talk about it .
you all know the healthy shame , if you reveal a secret of the best friend , although this swore a secrecy and then you get caught and the best friend confronted with it and my a terrible discussion leads , if one at the end of the bad conscience leads and one swears that one never makes such a mistake again .
if you make reparation and never make the mistake again .
that &apos;s the kind of educational shame .
the unhealthy type i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you sick in the very core .
it is the one who tells you that not what you did is bad , but that you are bad yourself .
and that was what i felt .
and it was not because of my senior physician , he was very nice .
he talked to the family and i &apos;m sure he smoothed the waves and made sure i was not suing .
but from now on i asked myself these questions .
why did not i ask the senior physician? why did i send you home?
and then in my worst moments: how could i make such a stupid mistake?
why did i go to medicine?
slowly but surely it settled down .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out and i said maybe i can feel better again .
and i figured out that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake , the voice could fall silent .
and she did it .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at the emergency ward in a municipal hospital north of toronto , and i examined a 25-year-old man with an irritated throat .
there was a lot going on and i was in a hurry .
he always pointed here .
i looked in the throat and it was a little bit pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and even as he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service and my chief physician asked me for a conversation in her office .
and she said the three words: remember?
&quot; do you remember the patient with the irritated throat? &quot;
it turned out he had a streptococcal infection .
he had a potentially life threatening condition called epiglottitis .
you can googling it , but it is not an infection of the pharynx but the upper respiratory tract and causes the obstruction of the respiratory tract .
and luckily he did not die .
he got intravenous antibiotics and recovered a few days later .
and i went through the same torture of shame and self-doubt again , feeling liberated and went back to work until it happened again and again and again .
in an emergency situation , i have twice overlooked a pelvic inflammation .
there is a lot to it , especially when you consider that you work in a hospital that had only 14 patients per night at that time .
in both cases , i did not send her home and there were probably no shortcomings in her treatment .
at one i thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered the x-ray of the kidneys . when this was not done , my colleague , on re-imagining the patient , found hardening in the lower right sector and called the surgeons .
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i arranged fluid to rehydrate him and asked my colleagues to inspect him as well .
and he did that and when he noticed a hardening in the lower right sector , he called the operateure .
both were operated on and were fine .
both cases gnawed at me , ate me up .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes happened only in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim but is total nonsense .
some of my drinks have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here &apos;s the problem: if i can not finish with my mistakes and talk about them , if i &apos;m the soft voice who tells me what really happened can not find , how can i share it with my colleagues?
how can i teach them my mistakes so that they do not commit them?
if i go into a room - like right now , then i have no idea what you think about me .
when did you last hear from someone who spoke of a failure about a failure about a failure?
oh yes , you go to a cocktail party and you may hear about some other doctor , but you will not hear someone talk about your own mistakes .
if i went into a room full of colleagues and asked for their immediate support and started to tell them what i just told them , i would most likely not reach the end of the second story before it really gets unpleasant , anyone would make a joke , they would change the subject and forget the rest .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that an orthopedist in my hospital had taken the wrong leg from someone , then they believe that i have problems looking him in the eye .
that &apos;s the system we live in .
it is a total denial of mistakes .
it is a system in which there are two basic positions - those who make mistakes and those who do not . those who restrict sleep loss and those without restriction , those with poor results and those with good results .
it &apos;s almost an ideological reaction as are antibodies that attack a human being .
and there is the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from the medicine , that will leave us with a secure system .
but there are two problems with it .
in my approximately 20 years of medical broadcasting and journalism , i &apos;ve created a personal medical study on medical errors and mistreatment so i &apos;m looking forward to one of my first articles i starred for the toronto show  &quot; art  &quot;  , wrote , to learn .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely essential .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one out of every 10 medications is either wrong or wrongly dosed , in which hospital infections become more and more numerous and cause devastation or death .
in this state , about 24,000 canadians die of mischievous mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine estimates the number at 100,000 .
both are strong understatements because we do not look at the problem as well as we should .
and is the crux .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can not compete .
lack of sleep is omnipresent .
we can not get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error so we can take a perfect course of disease for a patient with a chest pain .
then i take the same patient with chest pain , make him sweaty and talkative and add a slightly intoxicated breath and suddenly the story is interspersed with contempt .
i do not take the same course .
i am not a robot; i do not always do things the same way .
and my patients are not cars; they do not always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all this together , mistakes are inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i was taught it and sort out all the faulty health experts , there will not be any left at the end .
and do you know the lyre about people who do not want to talk about their worst cases?
in my broadcast  &quot; white coat , black art . &quot; i have the habit of saying , &quot; this is my worst mistake &quot; i would say to everyone from the rescue assistant to the cardiologist &apos;s chief physician , &quot; this is my worst mistake &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what about her? &quot; and then i show him the microphone .
and then their pupils expand , they are stunned , then they look down and swallow hard , and begin to tell their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , do not make the same mistakes that i made . &quot;
what you need is an environment that you can put into it .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a human being , knows about his humanity , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but he does everything to learn something from them , so that it can be passed on .
she shares her experiences with others .
it helps when others talk about their mistakes .
and it shows others their mistakes , not to expose them but in a loving , supportive way so that everyone benefits .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if so , then people also make mistakes from time to time .
so that the system develops to create backups that make it easier to track down errors that make people inevitable , and it also allows loving to create supportive spaces in which anyone who observes healthcare can actually address things that are potential represent mistakes and even be rewarded . especially for people like me who make mistakes and should be rewarded for straightening them .
my name is brian goldman .
i am the newly defined doctor .
i am a human  . i make mistakes  .
i am sorry , but i am trying best to learn from it , to pass it on to others .
i do not know what they think about me , but i can live with that .
let me close with three of my own words: i remember .
i will talk about a tiny little idea .
it is about changeable norm values .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;ll tell you three stories to use the time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know that he was here in 1835 .
they may think he was hunting finches , but that &apos;s not true .
he actually collected fish .
he described one of them as very &quot; ordinary &quot; ,
it was a grouper .
until the 80s , he was fished in a big way .
now he is on the red list of endangered species .
we have heard this story many times from the galápagos islands or from other places , it is not very special .
nevertheless , we still come to the galápagos islands .
we still think they are original .
the pamphlets still describe them as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is intended to illustrate another concept , the variable waist size .
because i experienced it when i studied a lagoon in west africa in 1971 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could integrate myself .
and i got a bad sunburn and was convinced that i really was not from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon was lined with palm trees and a few mangroves .
there were cichlids of about 20 centimeters , black chin-jaw breeders , a subspecies of cichlids .
the fishes of these cichlids were very productive and the fischer lived well and earned well above average in ghana .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half its size .
fully grown , they measured five centimeters .
they had been genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
the people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky enough to be there .
so nothing has changed , and yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells about my involvement in the introduction of trawling in southeast asia .
in the 70s - more at the beginning of the 60s - europe promoted many development projects .
fishing has meant fishing for 100,000 fish , industrial fishing for this rather ugly ship mutiara 4 .
i went with it and we made elevations throughout the southern south china sea and especially in the lake of java .
we had no words for what we caught there .
i now know that it was the bottom of the sea .
90 percent of our catch was sponges , other animals connected to the ground .
most of the fish , the small spots there on the rubble , the heap of rubble , were coral reef fish .
essentially , the bottom of the sea came on deck and was thrown back .
these pictures are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
a survey is conducted within one year and then starts commercial fishing .
the reason is changed . from - in this case - a hard ground or soft coral muddy mist is .
this is a dead turtle .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
once we caught one alive .
she was not drowned yet .
then they wanted to kill her because you could eat them well .
in fact , this mountain of debris is accumulated by fishers each time they drive into areas where fishing has never taken place .
but it is not documented .
we are changing the world , but we do not remember it .
we adjust our norms to the new level and do not recall what was there .
if you generalize it , the following happens .
on the y-axis are a few good things: biodiversity , number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
it changes with time . it &apos;s changing , because for people , their actions are natural .
every generation considers the images they take at the beginning of their conscious lives as standard and will derive everything from them .
the difference is then perceived as loss .
but you do not notice the previous losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end they only want to get the wretched remains .
that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;re aiming for .
we want to get things that have disappeared or things that are not what they were .
you might now think that the problem was affecting people who , when they lived in predatory societies , certainly killed animals and only became aware of what they had done after a few generations .
because apparently , an animal that was very common , rarely , before it dies out .
so you do not lose any common animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and therefore it is not perceived as a great loss .
in time we focus on the big animals and in the sea these are the big fish .
they become rarer because we catch them .
little fish is left over time and we think that &apos;s the norm .
the question is why people accept this .
well , because they do not know it was different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
they will confirm it because the evidence , as they were in an earlier form , is not what they would like the evidence to show .
there is , for example , the anecdote that the report of a captain so-and-so , who observed large numbers of fish in this area , can not be used , or is usually not scored by fishery scientists because he is not &quot; scientific &quot; is .
so we have the situation that people do not know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they do not trust the sources of the past .
this shows the huge role a marine reserve can play .
because through marine reserves , we basically restore the past .
we are restoring the past that people can not understand because the norms have changed and are very low .
this will allow people who see a marine reserve to benefit from the insight that enables them to reset their normative values .
what about the people who can not do that because they do not have access - the people in the middle west for example?
here , i think , the art and the film may fill the gap , as well as simulations .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay .
there were gray whales there long ago - 500 years ago .
and the shades and shades may remind you &quot; avatar &quot; ,
if you contact &quot; avatar &quot; thinking , if you remember why people were so touched by it - apart from the pocahontas story , why were you so touched by the imagery?
because it evokes something that has in some ways been lost .
so my recommendation is that the only one i will give is to cameron to have &quot; avatar ii &quot; under water turns .
many thanks  .
in the 1980s , in communist east germany , if you had a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
you also had to register a sheet with sample text from this typewriter .
the reason: the government could trace back where a text came from .
if you found an article with wrong mentality , you could track down the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west could not understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would limit the freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do that .
but if you buy a new color laser printer from leading laser printer manufacturers in 2011 today and print a page , this page has bright yellow spots printed on each side , in a pattern that makes it easy to trace the page back to you and your printer .
that happens to us today .
and nobody seems to get upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and that &apos;s one of the three main sources of today &apos;s online issues .
let &apos;s take a look at what &apos;s really happening in the world: we can split the attacks into categories .
we have three main groups .
there are online criminals .
for example , here is mr dimitry golubov from kiev in ukraine .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
these people make money .
they use online attacks to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are several known cases of online millionaires , multimillionaires , who have earned their money through attacks .
this is wladimir tsastsin from tartu in estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
björn sundin .
these are matthew anderson , tariq al-daour and so on and so forth .
these people have come to wealth online , but they have acquired it illegally by trojans have used it to steal money from our bank accounts while we do our online banking , or even keyloggers who have collected our credit card information when inputting via the keyboard while shopping online through an infected computer .
two months ago , the us secret service froze the swiss account of mr sam jain here , and on this account was $ 14.9 million when it was frozen .
mr . jain himself is on the loose , the place of residence is unknown .
and i claim that today we are more likely to become victims of online crime than a crime in the real world .
and it is very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play online .
the second largest group of attackers we see today is not motivated by money .
they are motivated by something else - protests about , opinion , or by their audience .
groups like anonymous have risen over the past 12 months and have become one of the main players in the field of online attacks .
so these are the three main assault groups: criminals who do it for money , hacktivists like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments that lead the attacks .
there are cases like those of diginotar .
it exemplifies what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
diginotar is a certificate of attorney from the netherlands - or was that .
it had to file for bankruptcy last fall , because diginotar had been hacked .
someone had broken in and had hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week in a meeting with dutch government officials , i asked one of the leaders of this group if he thought it possible that people had died as a result of the diginotar hack .
and his answer was &quot; yes &quot; ,
well , how do people die as a result of such a hack?
diginotar is a certification body .
you sell certificates .
what do you do with certificates?
well , a certificate is needed if you have a website with https , with ssl-encrypted services , for example gmail .
now we use all , or many of us , gmail or one of your competitors . but these services are particularly prevalent in totalitarian states such as iran , where dissident foreign providers like gmail use , because they know that they can trust them more than local providers and that they are encrypted via ssl connections , so the local government does not can snoop around in their conversations .
but you can , if you are in a foreign
certification authority hacking and issuing fake certificates .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the case of diginotar .
how about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt?
now , in april 2011 , insurgents raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police . and they found a lot of files .
in these files was a folder called  &quot; finfisher &quot; ,
and this folder contained notes from a german-based company that had sold a number of programs to the egyptian government to intercept any communications from the egyptian citizens on a very large scale .
they had sold this program for 280,000 euros to the egyptian government .
the company headquarters is right here .
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with tools to deal with their own citizens .
but western governments are also helping themselves .
for example , in germany just a few weeks ago the so-called state trojan horse found . this was a trojan used by german government officials to spy on their own citizens .
if you are suspected in a criminal case , then almost certainly your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
they tap into their internet connection .
they use things like the state trojan horse to populate their computer with a trojan that allows them to monitor all their communications , listen to their online discussions , collect their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about such things , then the obvious answer from the people would be: &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it does not affect me , because i &apos;m a good citizen .
i do not have to worry!
i have nothing to hide .  &quot;
and this argument makes no sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not the debate .
it is not a decision between privacy and security .
it is a decision between freedom and control .
and while we may trust our governments today in 2011 , every right we give is given away forever .
and do we trust , blindly , to trust any future government , a government that we may have in fifty years?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i &apos;m a big fan of concrete blocks .
the first concrete blocks were made in 1868 and came from a simple idea: modular modules made of cement that fit together .
concrete blocks quickly became the most widely used building unit in the world .
they enabled us to build things larger than ourselves , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
essentially , the concrete element had become the building block of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with it .
it became the &quot; automatically connecting stone &quot; called  .
and within a few years , lego moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced - or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you do not have to be an engineer to create beautiful homes , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
lego made it possible for everyone .
lego essentially took the concrete building block , the building block of the world , and turned it into a building block for our imagination .
in the meantime , the next revolution was announced in the same year at bell labs , the next building block .
the transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static , stacked building blocks to a world where everything was interactive .
like the concrete block , the transistor allows us to build much larger , more complex cycles , one stone at a time .
but there is one main difference: the transistor was only for experts .
i personally do not accept that the building block of our time is reserved for experts and therefore i decided to change that .
eight years ago i was at the media lab and i started to explore this idea of ​​how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers .
a few years ago i started to develop littlebits .
let me show you how they work .
littlebits are electronic modules that have a specific function .
they are prefabricated to be light , sound , motor and sensor .
and the best part is that they connect with magnets together .
so you can not put them the wrong way around .
the stones are color coded .
green is output , blue is current , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect one blue and one green and you can quickly build bigger circuits .
they add a blue to a green , and they can light up .
you can insert a switch in between and you have created a small dimmer .
take the switch out to insert a pulse module that is here , and you have made a small blinker .
add this buzzer for an extra effect and you have made a noise machine .
i will stop that .
beyond the simple play , littlebits is actually quite powerful .
instead of having to program , wire or solder , littlebits allows you to program them with simple , intuitive gestures .
so to speed up or slow down the flashing , simply turn this knob and it will make the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind littlebits is that it &apos;s a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in this world into a ready-made stone .
lights , sounds , solar panels , motors - everything should be available .
we distributed littlebits to children and watched them play .
and it was an incredible experience .
the best part is how you begin to understand the electronics that surround you in everyday life and that you do not learn at school .
how , for example , a nightlight works , or why the doors of the elevator remain open , or how an ipod reacts to contact .
we also brought littlebits to design schools .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things who started playing with littlebits as a material .
here we see , with felt , paper and water bottles , how geordie  . . .
a few weeks ago we took littlebits to risk and gave them to some designers who had no technical experience - just cardboard , wood and paper - and told them: &quot; do something . &quot;
here is an example of a project you made , a motion-controlled confetti cannon .
but wait , this is really my favorite project .
it is a lobster made of dough , which is afraid in the dark .
for these non-engineers , littlebits became another material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available to all .
so littlebits is open source .
you can go to the website , download all design templates and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creator , the inventor , the contributor , because the world in which we live , this interactive world , is ours .
so , move on and start inventing .
many thanks  .
