
In the course of the film, we had more than 500 companies that were up and down companies and the "no"; said, because they did not want to be part of the project.
Above all, they wanted nothing to do with this film because they had no control, no control over the finished product.
but 17 brand partners were found who were ready to relinquish this control, who wanted to do business with someone as attentive and playful as me, and who eventually enabled us to tell stories we normally could not have told - stories A recruit would normally never support.
they enabled us to tell the story of neuromarketing as we tell the story in this film that mris is used nowadays to target the lust centers of the brain both for advertising and making movies.
We drove to Sao Paulo, where outdoor advertising has been banned.
throughout the city there has been no advertisement board for five years, no posters, no flyers, nothing.
and we drove to school districts where companies are making their way to impoverished schools across America.
the unbelievable thing for me is that the projects from which i got the most feedback or where i had the greatest success are those where i interacted directly with things.
and that's what those brands have done
because they bypassed the middle man, they bypassed the agencies, and said that the agencies might not really care about their interests.
I will negotiate directly with the artist.
I will work with him and create something completely different, something that makes people think, that challenges our world view.
and how was that for you? what is it successful?
Well, since the film was premiered at the sundance film festival, we can take a look at it.
according to burrelles, the premiere was in january, and since then - and that's not even the whole thing - there have been 900 million views of this film.
in fact, this only covers a period of 2 1/2 weeks.
that's just online - no press, no tv.
the film has not been delivered yet.
it does not even exist online. no streaming.
He has not come out in other countries yet.
well, finally, the film has gained a very big momentum.
and that's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we spoke to recommended their customers to keep their hands off.
One thing I firmly believe in is that taking one's chances involves a risk that there are opportunities in these risks.
I think if you stop people from doing that, you bring them closer to failure.
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks, you prepare the whole company for a profit.
I feel that as we move forward, we need to encourage people to take risks.
we must encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that may frighten them.
Finally, as we move forward, we should welcome the fear.
We should put the bear in the cage.
Welcome the angst. Welcome the risk.
each one big spoon full, so we welcome the risk.
and finally, we should welcome transparency.
Nowadays, more than ever, a bit of honesty takes us a long way.
and that said, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "welcome transparency"; was presented to you by my good friends from emc, who paid $ 7100 for the name rights on ebay.
Big data is turned into a great opportunity for organizations around the world.
emc presents "welcome transparency";
thank you very much .
well, morgan, in the name of transparency this: what exactly happened to the $ 7100?
That's a great question.
I have a check in my pocket, issued to the top organization of the Ted organization, the Sapling Foundation - a check for $ 7100 to finance my ted appearance next year.
my name is amit.
18 months ago, I did something else on google, and I suggested doing something with museums and art. my boss, who is also today, gave me the green light.
and it lasted 18 months.
a lot of fun negotiations and stories, i can tell you, with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries.
but i will concentrate on the performance.
There are a lot of stories about why we did this.
I think my personal view is very simple with this slide and its accessibility explained.
i grew up in india.
I got a great education - I'm not complaining - but I did not have access to many museums and these artworks.
When I then traveled and visiting these museums, I started to learn a lot.
and while i was working for google, i tried to bring that longing - art more accessible - with technology together.
we then formed a team, a great team, and we started here.
I will probably start with the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the start.
So you just go to googleartproject.com.
You can look around here in all these museums.
there is the uffizi, the moma, the hermitage, the rijks, the van gogh.
I even come to one of my favorite, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
you can score for two - very easy.
click, and wumms, you are in this museum.
it does not matter where they are - bombay, mexico, it makes no difference.
You walk around and have fun.
you want to orient yourself in the museum?
open the map and jump with one click.
they are in there, they want to go all the way to the end.
only further. have fun .
Browse them.
thanks, but the best is yet to come.
So now I am in front of one of my favorite pictures, a reaper of pieter breugel in the met.
i see this plus sign.
if the museum has given us the picture, click on it.
This is one of the pictures.
this is all metadata.
those of you who are really interested in art can click here - but I'll just click away.
this is one of the images we captured with the so-called gigapixel technology.
this picture, for example, has about 10 billion pixels, I believe.
and a lot of people ask me: "what do you get for 10 billion pixels?";
I will show them now:
you can zoom in and out very easily.
they see something funny here.
I love that guy; His expression is priceless.
but then they really want to go deep inside.
and so I started playing around, and found that something was going on there.
and I thought, "Hang on, that sounds interesting.";
I came close, and slowly noticed that these children actually beat something.
I researched a bit, talked to a few acquaintances at the met, and actually found out that it's a game called squail, where a goose is hit with a stick on Midsummer's Day.
apparently it was quite popular.
I do not know why they did it, but I learned something about it.
To really close up, you can go to the cracks.
just to give you an overview, I zoom out to see what you get.
here we were, and this is the painting.
but the best is still - in one second.
Let's jump quickly to the moma, again in new york.
another favorite picture of me, starry night.
The previous example was about finding details,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes?
and what if you want to see how van gogh created this masterpiece?
you zoom in. you can really go inside.
I'll zoom into one of my favorite parts of this picture until I'm really at the cracks.
that is starry night, probably never seen before.
Now I will show you my favorite function.
there are many more, but i miss the time.
that's the really cool part, it's called collections.
every one of them, everyone - whether rich or poor, whether they have a great home - does not matter.
you can get started and create your own museum online - from all these images you can create your own collection.
quite simply, they go in - and I created this, it's the power of zoom - they can zoom in and out.
This is '; the sent ones'; , in the national gallery.
you can add notes to everything, send it to your friends, and start talking about what they feel when they look at these masterpieces.
I think, finally, for me the main thing is that all the wonderful things here are not from google.
In my opinion, they do not even come from the museums.
I should not say that.
they come from the artists.
and that was an experience in humility for me.
I mean, I hope that we will do justice to the art with this digital medium and represent it properly online.
Here is the biggest question I was asked recently: "Did you do that to replicate the experience of a museum visit?";
the answer is no.
it should complement the experience.
it's all about this . Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain. Her brain can be divided in half.
this is the left half, which is the logical side and then the right half, which is the intuitive side.
if we had a scale to measure the aptitude of each hemisphere, we could represent its brain.
for example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
this would be someone who is completely intuitive.
Now, where would you position your brain on this scale?
some of us may have opted for one of these extreme ones, but I think that for most people in the audience, their brain looks something like this - with a high aptitute that is in both hemispheres at the same time.
it's not as if they're both exclusive or the like.
they can be logical and intuitive.
and so i see myself as one of the people, along with most other experimental quantum physicists who need a good deal of logic to put the complex ideas together.
but at the same time we need a good amount of intuition to actually do the experiments.
how do we develop this intuition? Well, we love to play with things.
So we go out and play with it and then look how it reacts. and then we begin to develop our intuition.
Basically, they do the same thing.
So one of the intuitions that you have developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be in one place at the same time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with that idea, you developed it.
I remember seeing a kid playing on a floor level.
he was still a toddler and not very good at it and he was constantly falling.
but I bet that playing with the floor threshold taught him a very valuable lesson, namely that big things do not just let you pass and that they stay in one place.
And that is a great conceptual model of the world, as long as you are not a particle physicist.
it would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they do not play with sleepers, but with those little weird particles.
and when they play with their particles, they spot all sorts of strange things - like flying right through walls, or at the same time being in two different places.
and so they all wrote down these observations, calling them the theory of quantum mechanics.
that was the state of physics a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the tiny, tiny particles.
but you did not need them to describe the big everyday objects around us.
that did not like my intuition and that maybe only because I do not play with so many parts.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not very often.
and I have never seen her
I mean, no one has ever seen a particle.
but my logical side did not like it either.
because if all things consist of particles and all these particles follow the rules of quantum mechanics, should not everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics?
I see no reason why that should not be so.
So I would feel much better with the whole thing, if we could somehow show that everyday objects also follow the rules of quantum mechanics.
So, a few years ago, I set about doing just that.
I created one.
this is the first object you can see that was in the quantum mechanical superposition.
So what we are looking at here is a tiny computer chip.
and you can see this green dot in the middle there.
this is the piece of metal that I will talk about in a moment.
this is a picture of the object.
Here I enlarge it a bit. we are looking right here in the center.
and here is a really huge close-up of this little piece of metal.
So what we're looking at is a small piece of metal shaped like a springboard and overhanging the edge.
So I made this thing in a similar way to making a computer chip.
I went into a clean room with new silicon wafers, and racked for 100 hours on all the big appliances.
For the last bit I had to build my own machine - to get this hole shaped like a swimming pool and the thing.
This thing has the ability to be in the quantum mechanical superposition but it needs a little help to do it.
Look, let me give you an analogy.
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator?
I mean, when I'm alone in the elevator, I do all sorts of strange things but then other people get in and I stop doing all those things because I do not want to bother them or, frankly, bother them.
So quantum mechanics says that immovable objects feel the same way.
The riders for immovable objects are not just humans, but also the light that shines on them and the wind that blows past them and the heat of space.
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal behaves quantum mechanically, we had to throw all the passengers out.
and we did that.
we switched off the light, put it in a vacuum and sucked all the air out and cooled it almost to the now, all alone in the elevator, the piece of metal was free to behave as it would.
So we measured his movement.
we realized that it is really moving strangely.
instead of just lying there, it vibrated. The way it vibrated was like this, like an expanding bellows pulling together.
By giving it a little push, we could cause it to vibrate and not vibrate at the same time - something only allowed in quantum mechanics.
what I am about to tell you is something truly fantastic.
What does it mean for an object to vibrate at the same time and not to vibrate?
let us think about the atoms.
So the first case: all the trillions of atoms that make up the piece of metal lie still and at the same time the same atoms move up and down.
only at precise times do they agree.
the rest of the time they are delocalised.
that is, each atom is at the same time in two different places, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think that's really cool.
for real .
it was worth it to include me in the clean room for all these years. Because, check that, the difference in scale between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the same as the difference between the piece of metal and them.
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, this piece of metal can be in two different places, then why not them too?
I mean, that's just what my logical side says.
So, imagine that you are in several places at the same time, how would that feel?
How would you be aware that your body is delocalized in space?
There is another aspect of the story.
when we warm it up, turned on the light and looked in the box, we saw that the piece of metal was always in one piece.
and so I had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are in reality only quantum objects that have come together in a small room.
You hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says that everything is connected to everything.
well, that's not quite right;
there is more behind it, it goes even deeper.
It's like these connections, their connections with all the things around them, literally define who they are. and that is the profound and strange of quantum mechanics.
Many Thanks .
In 2007, I decided that we should reconceptualize how we think about economic development.
It should be our goal that, when families think about where they want to live and work, they have the opportunity to choose between at least one handful of different cities, all of which are in competition for new residents.
At the moment we are far away from this goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who do not even have a single city to welcome.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are so much more valuable than they cost to build.
So we could easily equip the world with dozens, maybe even hundreds of new cities.
this may sound preposterous for you, as long as you've never thought about new cities.
Just swap the construction of flats against the ones of cities.
Imagine, half the people who want to live in flats already do that; the other half but not yet.
You could try to increase the capacity of already existing flats.
but do you know what you would get involved with, in these apartments and their surroundings laws prevail to avoid complaints and distract from expansion.
it turns out to be very difficult to comply with all these extensions.
but you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new block of flats, provided the laws there would support such construction and not hinder him.
So I suggested that governments create new space that would provide enough space for a city and gave them a name: charter cities.
later i found out that, around the same time, javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of a reform in honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 Hondurans left their country to emigrate to the United States, and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people could stay in their country and do the same in Honduras can .
At this point, Javier said to Octavio, "What happens if we take an unpopulated area of ​​our country - which if we just give it to a message - part of the American embassy, ​​part of the Canadian embassy - and then people Working under Canadian or United States rules, can you work there, and can you do anything on the surface of these messages that you would normally need to go to canada or america? ";
In the summer of 2009, Honduras suffered from a violent constitutional crisis.
At the next scheduled elections, Pepe Lobo won in a turnaround whose program promised both renewal and conciliation.
he asked octavio to become his chief of staff.
In the meantime, I was preparing for a lecture at tedglobal.
By improving, trying out and examining consumers, I have tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements.
the first point is the importance of laws, laws that determine that it is not allowed to disturb already existing apartment owners.
We pay great attention to new technologies, but progress requires technology and legislation. and it's usually laws that hold us back.
In autumn 2010, a friend from Guatemala Octavio sent the link to the tedtalk.
in turn, javier showed him.
the two called to me.
and said, "let's present that to the president of our country!";
so in december we met in the boardroom of a miami hotel.
I've tried to make clear how valuable cities are, how much more valuable they are than they cost.
And I have used this graphic to show how valuable Rohland is in a place like New York. Remember, in some cases, one square is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
but it was a fairly abstract discussion, at one point, when there was a break, octavio said, "; paul, maybe we could look at the tedtalk.";
The Tedtalk thus presented in a very simple form that a charter city is a place whose beginning is uninhabited land, a founding treaty that sets the laws that govern it and offers people the opportunity to choose, either under these rules live or not.
That's why I was asked by the President of Honduras, who said that we must realize this project, that it is important and that this is the way to move our country forward.
I was asked to come to Tegucigalpa and give another lecture on the fourth and fifth of January.
So I gave another lecture filled with facts that contained a graphic like this that tries to make it clear that if you want to add value to a city, it has to be a very big city.
this is a picture of the city denver, and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver.
this airport alone has an area of ​​100 square kilometers.
So I tried to convince the Hondurans, if you want to build a new city, you have to start with a territory of at least 1000 square kilometers.
that's more than 250 thousand tomorrow.
politely everyone applauded.
the faces of the spectators were very serious and attentive.
the head of the congress came to the stage and said, "professor romer, thank you very much for your presentation, but maybe we could look at the tedtalk.
I have it here on my laptop. ";
So I sat down and they played the tedtalk.
And I came to the core statement that a new city offers people new possibilities.
it would be possible to live in a city that would be in honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away in the north.
And a new city also includes new opportunities for leaders.
The leaders of the Honduran government rely on help from partner countries to benefit from their partner countries, which would help them to set up laws for this charter and to ensure that everyone can trust that the charter will really be enforced ,
and the recognition of president lobo, was that the certainty of the enforcement that i thought of as a way to get the foreign investors coming here and to build this city could be synonymous to all the parties in honduras who have been afraid for many years and years distrust suffer.
we drove into an area.
this picture is from this place.
It effortlessly covers a thousand square kilometers.
and shortly thereafter, on January 19, they voted in favor of a constitutional change congress to have a constitutional regime permissible for specific development areas.
In a country that has just come through a violent crisis, 124 was voted one vote in the congress for this constitutional amendment.
all parties, all factions of society, supported this.
however, to be part of the constitution, it must be approved twice by the Congress.
On the 17th of february it was approved for the second time with 114 to a vote.
immediately after this election, between the 21st and the 24th of february, a delegation of about 30 hundurans traveled to the two places of the world that were most interested in entering the business of urban design.
one place is south korea.
this is a picture of a big new city center built in south korea - bigger than boston's city center.
Everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after taking four years to get the permits.
the other place, which was very interested in urban planning, is singapore.
Two cities have already been built in china and the third is in preparation.
So when you think about it practically, that's where we stand today.
you already have a building plot; and you are already considering this area for the second city.
it is already working on a legal system that allows managers to participate, and it is also working on an external legal system.
a country has already offered to have its supreme court available, as a court for the final appointment of the local judiciary.
also city designers and builders are very interested.
they even bring in financing.
one thing, as you already know, has already been clarified, there are many tenants.
There are many companies that would like to settle in America, especially in a place with a free trade area, and there are many people who would like to live there.
there are 700 million people around the world who say they would like to live permanently in a different place.
one million people leave latin america each year and emigrate to the united states.
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to seek work - sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to be able to afford food and clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who try to find their parents again, who in some cases have not seen them for a decade.
So what's the idea of ​​thinking about building a brand new city in Honduras?
or even dozens of these cities to build, or hundreds distributed around the world?
So what's the idea for insisting that every family has a choice between several cities in competition for new residents?
That's an idea worth spreading.
my friends from honduras have asked me to say thank you ted.
Do you know how many decisions you make on a typical day?
Do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week?
I've recently done a survey of over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions that a typical americans make in one day is 70.
in addition, a study was recently made with ceos in which they watched the ceos for a week.
and these scientists have just documented the different topics that have occupied this ceo. and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues.
and they have found that an average ceo deals with 139 tasks during the week.
Of course, each of these topics consisted of many, many smaller decisions.
50 percent of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less.
It took only an hour or more of their time for about 12 percent of their decisions.
think about your own decisions.
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minute category compared to the one hour category?
how good do you think they are in making the decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest decision problems of our modern age, the decision overload problem.
I would like to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
well, if i talk about this problem, i will ask you some questions and i would like to know your answers.
If I ask you a question, since I am blind, they only lift your hand if you want to burn some calories.
otherwise, if I ask you a question and your answer is yes, then my first question for today is: are you ready to hear about the congestion problem?
Many Thanks .
When I was a graduate student at Stanford University, I went to this very very exclusive grocery store; At least then he was really exclusive.
it was a shop, the draeger '; His name was.
This shop, it was almost like a fun park.
They had 250 different types of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different types of water - and that was at a time when we were actually drinking tap water.
I loved going to this business; but at one point I wondered, well, how come you never buy anything?
here is the olive oil gang.
They had over 75 different varieties of olive oil, including those that were trapped in boxes that came from thousand-year-old olive trees.
So one day I decided to visit the store manager, and I asked the manager, "Does this model really work to provide people with all these options?";
And he pointed to the busloads of tourists who came every day and usually had their cameras with them.
We decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment.
Here is her jam shop.
They had 348 different types of jam.
We set up a small tasting corner right at the entrance to the store.
there were six different tastes of jam or 24 different tastes of jam, and we looked at two things: firstly, in which case would more people stop and try jam?
there were more people standing still when there were 24, about 60 percent than when there were six, about 40 percent.
and then we looked at in which case people rather bought a jar of jam.
now we saw the reverse effect.
Of the people who stopped when it was 24, only three percent actually bought a jar of jam.
of the people who stopped when they were six, well, now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a jar of jam.
Well, if you figure it out, people would rather buy a jar six times if they had six to choose from than if they had 24 to choose from.
Well, deciding not to buy jar jam is probably good for us - at least it's good for our waist - but it turns out that the congestion problem affects us even in very consequential decisions.
We decide not to decide, even if it is against our own best interests.
So on the topic of the day: financial savings.
I will now describe to you a study that I conducted with Gur Huberman, Emir Kem- jica, Wei Jang, in which we considered the decisions on savings plans for the pension of nearly one million Americans from approximately 650 plans throughout the United States.
and what we were looking at was whether the number of fund offerings that were possible in a pension plan, the plan, the likelihood of whether more is saved for tomorrow.
and we found out that there was indeed a connection.
So in these plans, we had about 657 plans that offered to the people anything between two to 59 different funds.
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered that, in fact, the attendance rate was lower.
Looking at the extreme now, the plans offered by the two funds had a participation rate in the seventies - still not as high as we would like.
In the plans, which offered nearly 60 funds, the participation rate now fell to about the sixtieth percent.
now it turns out that even if they decide to participate, if more choices are available, even then, it has negative consequences.
For example, people who choose to participate more in the sense that the more opportunities they have, the more they avoid choosing stocks and funds.
the more opportunities they had, the more they put their money into pure money market accounts.
none of these extreme decisions are among the decisions that someone would recommend to people if their future financial well-being is important to us.
Well, over the past decade, we've seen three major negative consequences for people, which means offering more and more choices.
They postpone the decision - postpone it, even if it is against their own best interests.
they tend to make worse decisions - worse financial and poorer medical decisions.
they tend to choose things that make them less satisfied, even if they make things better.
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge shelves full of mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar and jam, but in fact we can not draw the comparisons and demarcations and then actually choose something from the fantastic offerings.
So what I would like to suggest to you today are four simple techniques - techniques that we have tested in different ways and in different research locations - that you can easily apply to your business.
First, restrict.
they've heard it before, but it's never been truer than today that less is more.
People are always worried when I say, "limit.";
They always worry about losing shelf space.
but in truth, we see it more and more and more that when they are ready to confine themselves, and the unimportant similar possibilities are released, well, then there is an increase in sales, the costs are lowered, & amp; amp; and there is an improvement in decision-making.
When Proctor and Gamble reduced the various head and shoulders types from 26 to 15, they saw their sales increase by 10 percent.
When the golden cat corporation got rid of its 10 worst-selling feline strains, they saw profits increase 87 percent, a result of both the increase in sales and the reduction in costs.
you know, the average supermarket today offers you 45,000 products.
A typical Walmart offers you 100,000 products today.
but the ninth largest supermarket, now the ninth largest supermarket in the world, is aldi, and they offer you only 1,400 products - a kind of canned tomato sauce.
Now in the saving world, I believe one of the best examples recently launched, how best to manage the choices was something David Davies strongly helped shape, it is a program that will help Harvard is offered.
every single harvard employee now automatically takes part in a lifetime fund.
those who really want to make a selection will be offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
you know, as people often say, "; I do not know how to limit it.
they are all important possibilities. ";
and the first thing I am the hired question, "tell me how the possibilities differ from each other.
And if your employees can not tell you apart, your customers can not. ";
Well, before we started this afternoon, I had a talk with Gary.
And Gary said he was ready to offer all people in this audience an all-inclusive paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world.
Here is a description of the street.
and I would like to read them to you.
and now I give them a few seconds to read them and then I ask them to clap when they are ready gary '; s offer.
okay. everyone who is ready, gary '; s offer.
are they all?
well, let me show you a little more about it.
They knew it was a trick, right?
well, who is ready for this trip.
I think I may have heard more hands.
Good .
The fact is, objectively, they had more information the first time than the second time, but I would dare to guess that the second time they felt it was more real.
because the pictures made it feel more real for them.
what brings me to the second technique, which helps you to deal with the problem of decision overloading, it is the concretization.
The point is that in order to understand the difference between possibilities, people must understand which consequences are associated with the individual possibilities, and that these consequences must be felt vividly and concretely.
why, on average, do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on an ec card or credit card than cash?
because it does not feel like real money.
and it turns out that if you make it feel concrete, it's a great tool to make people save more.
So, in a study I made with Shlomo Benartzi and Alessandro previtero, we did a study with the people at ing - employees who all worked for ing - and these people were all in a gathering in the you have registered your participation for your pension plan.
and during this gathering, we left this gathering exactly as it always was, only we added a little something.
The little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money.
By doing this simple thing, there was a 20% increase in attendance and there was an increase in the number of people who were willing to save, or a four percent increase in the amount they were willing to pay for the savings account ,
the third technique: categorization.
we can deal better with more categories than with more choices.
Here's, for example, a study we did in a magazine review.
It turns out that in the Wegmans supermarkets up and down the northeast area, the number varies from 331 different types of magazines to up to 664 magazines.
but do you know what?
if i show them 600 magazines and divide them into 10 categories or i show you 400 magazines and divide them into 20 categories, then i believe i gave them more choice and a better selection experience than i gave them the 400 if I gave them the 600
because the categories tell me how to tell them apart.
Here are two different jewelry displays.
one is called "jazz"; and the other is called "swing"; ,
If you think that the left indicator is swing and the indicator on the right is jazz, then clap your hands.
okay, there are a few.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing then please clap.
okay, a few more.
Well, it turns out they're right.
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing, but you know what?
this is a highly useless categorization scheme.
the categories must tell the selector something not to which the selection provides.
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds.
Who do you want to inform?
my fourth technique: requirement for complexity.
it turns out that we can deal with more information than we think, we just have to simplify it.
we have to increase the complexity slowly.
